Download all your Fav Novels from RnD Novels





Stay up to date On Novel updates by Joining our DISCORD group





Prologue - This is the beginning of the autumn sky


Wake up, make breakfast and in the meanwhile prepare the bentou.

Finish my club’s morning training, finish my classes and head again to the club.

After hanging out with my friends at the club I return home. I bathe and change.

Sit together with my family and then rest.

In the late nights of autumn I read books, play games and browse the net.

Sleep.

That’s all I did.

There may be something in between the lines, but it’s not that relevant.

“That’s why it’s strange if I am not sleeping in my house!”

That’s right. Without doubt.

Even so, ‘here’ I am.

In a square room that looked like the stars were printed on it. I went around inspecting the floor and the walls of the room.

I was concerned at the fact that there is no door or way to exit.

And since I have been here, I didn’t feel the presence of anyone else at the entire time.

Right now I was entrusting my back to a corner in the room and pondering.

“You are really calm, huh?”

“?!”

A voice. But it was clearly a high volume yet nothing happened to the room. Looking around the room I saw that nothing in the room had changed.

“I used a high voice just once and then you went to search around the room and began to try and understand the present state of matters, and while being on the lookout you were trying to arrange your thoughts, huh.”

“Who are you?”

The voice continued. I only understood it was a voice. It seems it is better to understand it by asking directly.

“God, if that was what I said, would you believe me?”

“No way.”

This voice, does it have a screw loose?

“That is unfortunate. Then, I will now have you go to a REALLY good other world. By the way, it’s a one way trip so you won’t be able to return to your original world.”

“OiOioioioioioioioioioi!!!”

What kind of stupid thing is it saying so smoothly?

“About what you have to do, you should ask the one in charge of that place when you go. And with that, I am sorry but I would need a sign of your approval to this.”

“Like hell I will!”

As expected, my voice went violent. It’s a given, it’s obvious, who would accept it after hearing that?!

“Oya, you don’t want to? It is a weird discussion but I heard you would be going.”

The voice seemed to have some troubled tone. There is a limit to jokes. I have in no way, heard about this beforehand!!!

“It’s not a lie, I have never heard about such a talk! Okay? Moreover, what kind of idiot would just accept such a talk about another world?! That we are talking about it is just as weird!”

With all my ability I try to explain.

“Fumu, it seems it was really not you. I did something bad, I apologize.”

“You see… I am happy that you have apologized but, are you going to bring me back?!”

My original tone of voice has still not returned. It may not be able to do it in a death match tone but I know that it’s not a polite tone of voice. It’s the fault of this incredibly bad situation. Its not my fault.

“Of course.”

The voice said so.

I am glad. It’s a ‘voice’ that can understand. In the normal template situations this is the part where it would say ‘I’m sorry’, ‘impossible’ or ‘oh well, try your best’ and then throws you out.

Or maybe the ‘You are already dead~’ guy tells you that and without hearing complains, it throws you to another world. Is what I thought would happen but…

I am saved~

“Well I am really sorry… But then, it must be your older sister or younger one”

I retract what I said. This guy said something that can’t be passed as a joke. It said it in a nonchalant way but those were words I couldn’t let slip by.

“Hey, what did you just say?”

“Hn? If you are not the one that is part of this then it means one of your sisters is.”

“Don’t give me that ‘Hn?’! If you do anything to my sisters I will not go easy on you!”

The two of them acted like nothing had changed. For them to have resolved to accept this kind of situation beforehand is not possible. And without even caring about it, this guy just says that it would take one of those two. Don’t mess with me.

“But you know, you are the Misumi family’s eldest son, Misumi Makoto-kun right?”

Why does it know my name?

“The kids of the Misumi’s household should have heard of this, is what I was told thought?”

The voice seemed to be one level more troubled than before. I was a bit surprised by this voice. Even when it kidnapped me out of nowhere it still tried to respect my will.

With this…

“Well you see. For now, can you tell me your name?”

That’s right. I have somehow managed to not fall into panic but it’s not like I am calm.

I am just somehow calm, is a better way to say it. I have to settle down a bit.

I still didn’t even know the identity of that voice.

“??. Fumu, you are right. I apologize for not introducing myself. I am called Tsukuyomi.”

“I see, Tsukuyomi. Tsukuyomi… Tsukuyomi?!”

“Oya, do you know? You are quite knowledgeable”

“One of the three Shinto gods, ‘that’ Tsukuyomi no Mikoto?!”

“Oooh, that’s right. Compared to the other two I am a minor character though.”

Well that is true. But even with that it’s still a big name.

I like myths and history (though only a bit), that’s why, if what the voice said is true, then it is quite the character.

“For that Tsukuyomi-sama to know me, why is that so?”

To start with, the thing I understand the least. In a sense, I didn’t understand why I was chosen to travel to another world.

“… I see, you really don’t know anything. Alright, I will tell you.”

And then, the contents that were told, I honestly couldn’t grab a hold of it.

I was in a pretty fortunate position compared to the people that are called to another world, get lost or reincarnate, or so I thought.





Prologue 2 - The farewell gift is a secret


Summarizing what Tsukuyomi-sama has said, it goes like this. Actually, the outlines of the transportation and procedure had all been explained.

My parents seemed to have come from another world. Since young, my grandparents had already died and I was told that we didn’t have connections with our relatives but… to think that was the reason why.

During their time there, because of fate, they made an agreement with the god of the other world. That is what seems to have brought me to this situation.

That is to say, the price of it was ‘one day I will take one important thing away from you’.

Is that guy a devil?!

And it seems that my parents agreed to it.

Now that I think about it, my elder sister, my younger sister and I, the three of us were taught all of the domestic chores, and made to learn a martial art of some sort. To think that was a preparation?! For the sake of going out alone at any time?!

Nononononono don’t joke around. Something like another world, I haven’t heard one word of it from my parents.

Well, even if they told me, I would just look at them as if they were dangerous people though.

My father is said to be a writer that specializes in making fantasy novels with a lot of presence and overflowing reality, but to think that was because he has already experienced the real thing. That dragon steak depiction and the way it spoke of the comfort of sleeping in a stable were moving moments.

And the world that I would be going now is that magic filled fantasy world.

It seems that I am going to be sent to that world with strength that surpassed my peers. Because of various reasons, the people that are transferred from my world are all stupidly strong.

In a sense, it felt like I would be released from really heavy clothes. It’s not like I would be given immortality so I will die if I am killed, or so have I been warned about.

From what Tsukuyomi-sama said, it seems that just by living in my world is an incredible thing.

Not only is the magic power in that place practically none, the Gods’ divine protection can barely reach. It’s a harsh world. That is the kind of place I have been living up until now, or so was I told.

Even though I have only been living normally… what a convenient quality.

“Well~ I am truly sorry for shouting at you. It seems you have been having it rough Tsukuyomi-sama.” (Makoto)

And moreover. To be in between those extraordinary and special beings like his elder sister and younger brother, the hardships Tsukuyomi must have passed because of that… I felt flooding emotions from his situation. Well, even with this situation, to have been shouted by a person he barely knows. He must have been having it hard.

“Well well, to think you would understand me! To have felt such a blissful feeling, how long has it been? But if we are to say so, Makoto-dono has it rough too.” (Tsukuyomi)

He understood my feelings of being the only man in between two sisters. To think a day would come when I would get this kind of sympathy! I will correct myself, if there were a Tsukuyomi Mikoto religion I would enter it! Tsukuyomi-sama banzai!

“Even so, my sisters and I have been living a normal life until now. For a goddess to tell us this would be too late anyways” (Makoto)

“From all the worlds out there, your’s is the harshest one. In the eyes of an otherworlder it would be like being in the depths of the ocean or living in a sea of lava. Anyways, that fellow is really taking its time” (Tsuki)

We were waiting for the one in charge of the other world but…

With this, it doesn’t seem that fellow will come.

It seems that world is a pretty popular place constituted by the presence of a Goddess and spirits. In what way is that popular, honestly, I don’t know.

By the way, I have already signed the thing God had presented me. After being convinced about it, okay?

After all, if I don’t go, my elder sister or my younger sister will have to go.

I was troubled you know? Really troubled.

Because, you know, I wouldn’t be able to play games. In a world where machines don’t exist I wouldn’t even be able to petition a mobile game. I would have to bid farewell to all my mangas and novels.

In my PC there were obviously things that couldn’t be shown to an 18 year old or less. If it gets discovered I wouldn’t be able to explain it at all.

I am a growing man so you should understand me, right?!

That’s why I spoke to Tsuki-sama about it and tried to request him to wrap it up in a way my family would not notice it.

I will be saying it in a villainous way but aside from my family, I didn’t care who else heard about this.

Being cornered I understood how tiny I was. But that’s how I truly felt.

However, that was no good.

That’s why I decided to give up on thinking only about me. How to say it, I was surprised by how I prioritized myself so much.

But I wanted to do something about my dark history

It’s true he told me I couldn’t return, but for my family that I won’t be able to see anymore, to find that and those kind of things.

“For that kid to have such hobbies!”(Makoto’s father)

“Being our child how unrefined!”(Makoto’s mother)

“Onii-chan* filthy!”(Makoto’s little sister/imouto) [*Big brother]

“What Otouto! Could it be that he has been looking at me with those kind of eyes?!”(Makoto’s older sister/Nee-chan) [*Little brother]

NOOOOOOO!!! STOP IIIITTT!!!!! (Makoto)

I wouldn’t be able to take it! Just imagining it makes me want to kill myself!

“Don’t worry” (Tsuki)

But Tsuki-sama was different. While I was writhing inside the madness of my heart and was about to be engulfed by it, he said this to me.

“All those men’s dreams, books and software, and also the insides of your HDD, I will take the responsibility of eliminating them!” (Tsuki)

Tsuki-sama said so while nodding. He understood everything, everything about it. A God, you are a divinity! Even if you are minor, in my ranking you are now number one! You have become the chief god!

I am impressed he knew advanced words like HDD. Well, at this time I didn’t think a bit about that. I was only grateful that the nightmare had disappeared.

Well, with this and that we talked about society and such while drinking the tea that was taken out. I was killing time with Tsuki-sama.

“By the way, I understand that in that world I will become awesome physically and in magic but…” (Makoto)

“Umu” (Tsuki)

“You see, won’t I receive a special ability or something? Like a solid barrier or the devil eyes of truth or a Rose Logia or a Heavenly phase?”

Well, if I have an incredible amount of magic power there may be none. But as a romance I yearn for those.

There are a lot of people that get those when they go to another world, you know? That’s why I want it, you know? It’s only in the fiction world though.

From what I have heard, there are demi-humans and even beast race so even if I had an abnormality I shouldn’t be discriminated.

Then it would be nice if I had one, is what I thought.

“Of course you will!” (Tsuki)

“Seriously?! What kind? What kind will I get?” (Makoto)

I thought it would be an impossible request~. You will only know if you ask huh

“I don’t know. I am sorry but it will be a surprise for when you get it. I can only go there once and I won’t be able to communicate with you, so I am only going to give you a hint okay?” (Tsuki)

“O~ I hope it is something like a blank skill that lets you make any power you want” (Makoto)

“Nope, that’s not it. I am sorry but I have limits in my abilities as a divinity” (Tsuki)

“??” (Makoto)

“I am said to be the one that governs the night and the moon but my real attribute is really ambiguous. It might be like you say, a ‘blank skill’” (Tsuki)

“That’s why I will give you the most I can in my power but I don’t know how it will bud. It may even became something you don’t want. I am sorry” (Tsuki)

Saying that Tsuki-sama beckons me to come.

Following what he said, I sit beside him and he places his hand on me and I felt something beginning to flow inside of me. That something went to my spine and began circulating through my whole body, then goes around my chest, begins to gather there and then calms itself. Is this the blessing he said he would give me?

“I feel like something is accumulating. Is this what you call the point of origin?” (Makoto)

“That’s right, you are fast in apprehension. There is no problems with the perception of your surroundings. When you picture yourself letting that out the power will activate. Well, the feeling of releasing it on your palms is the easiest to understand. By the way, right now it’s impossible. This place is still your original world after all” (Tsuki)

I wanted to try it but Tsuki-sama, while laughing, restrained me.

“Also Makoto-dono, I will tell you this even if it’s already said in your contract but, the goddess at the other side will also be giving you a power. You will be abandoning your current world so we will at least give you side benefits with it” (Tsuki)

Once more with an apologetic expression, Tsuki-sama bows his head.

“No way, Tsukuyomi-sama. I am grateful. Maybe, just maybe, if I was to be sent away without any explanation when I rejected you and in the next day one of my sisters were to disappear, I would have regretted it for the rest of my life” (Makoto)

“Makoto-dono is truly kind. She has finally come” (Tsuki)

“Finally huh. We have been talking for long. No, we were able to” (Makoto)

“If it is okay with you I can record all of our conversation in a dreampillow though. Is it really okay with only this?” (Tsuki)

In Tsuki-sama’s hand there were two letters.

When I asked Tsuki-sama if I could leave anything behind he gave me a lot of ways in a heartbroken manner, but in the end I decided to go with letters. One addressed to my parents and the other to my sisters.

For my parents, if I told them about the other world they would understand but to use those words for my sisters was hard for me so I made two of them. If after that my parents decide to tell my sisters about the truth, I will leave it to their decision.

Conversely, I asked if it was possible for me to take something and was told that they could make some accommodations for it.

I chose various books and writing tools (ballpens and lead pencils were a no go so I had to manage with a pencil). I wanted to bring a bit of food too but for some reason I was denied. Maybe there are numerous laws for the management of worlds. The preservation of whats already there huh.

“Yes, I don’t mind- Uo?!” (Makoto)

My body is going transparent. I tried to confirm it and my body seemed to have become half transparent?!

“What?! She plans to take you away without even telling me?! What is she thinking, that stupid woman!” (Tsuki)

Tsuki-sama was also panicking. It wasn’t like I was going to die, I was just being taken away, so I felt a bit relieved.

“Makoto-dono I am sorry! The God that you will be meeting now, there is no helping if you are to hide your displeasure. She is a pretty troublesome person. But if you can, please, overlook her actions” (Tsuki)

Tsuki-sama is a wordly-wise person. He probably has come into contact with a good amount of people already.

I smiled while nodding.

He made me resolve myself to go to another world and was able to make me accept it. He talked with me and calmed my mind.

Those were the words of that Tsukuyomi Mikoto. Even if the one I’m going to meet is an unprecedented Goddess, I will accept her.





Prologue 3 - Goddess=Bug




“This could be called a platinum room” (Makoto)

I was being overwhelmed.

When I thought I would end up in a room with a starry sky, this time I came to a white shining room that was not kind to my eyes.

“Ara, you are already here?” (Goddess)

Her tone of speech. Just like a Goddess would use.

“That old man Tsukuyomi’s power has become pretty weak huh. Being in that barbaric world, there is no helping it” (Goddess)

The second voice. Goddess-like.

“Anyways, only because we haven’t seen for long, to have forgotten my personality and decided on a male candidate, it is settled that he has become senile! Ahahahahahaah” (Goddess)

The third voice. Go, Goddess? Probably a goddess.

“There were two girls that were to my taste too. He should have chosen one of those geez. If I didn’t have an insurance who knows what would have happened” (Goddess)

The fourth voice. A G-G-Go-Goddess?

“Well, patience patience. Now, Misumi was your name right? You were called to this world by the contract that your parents and I had made but…” (Goddess)

The fifth voice. Is that right? A joke to laugh at, that’s it. A God, what a great joke.

“You see, while I wasn’t watching the balance of the races collapsed. The hyumans are in a big pinch now. The demon race and the spirit race are doing whatever they want you see?” (Goddess)

When you were not watching, you say?

“So, I remembered the contract. In a single nap… I mean, in the blink of an eye they had made descendants so I thought I would call them and make them help you see?” (Goddess)

This bastard, she definitely said in a nap.

“Ahahahahaha!! You, are you really those twos’ child? E, wait, wait a minute. Ara, the eldest sister and the younger one seem to be nice. Ah, this is impossible. Just in case the knit” (Goddess)

Tsu-Tsukuyomi-sama. Th-this is impossible for me.

“Ah, your blood seems to be connected. You are pitiful right~? In the family pictures, no, in any place you are an ugly duck! Swan component zero. You are horrible right~?” (Goddess)

Hey, I will chew you round you.

“To give you a power is seriously impossible. I am sorry but can you please disappear to the surface already. You existence is gross” (Bug)

If for example there were a poisonous bug called Goddess that even the lions would run away from it. Even with that it would still be lovely compared to this. If I had to choose between those two I would begin to get along with the poisonous bug.

It may because of my rage but my thoughts had become extremely clear. I hadn’t known such a self in me existed.

At the very least, for this thing to drag a person from another world and then try to make them do what she wants, is that something that she should be saying?!

There is no way, if the state of affairs is like that. A pitiful high school girl that only sees fashion would have a better attitude.

“??”

No good. Even when I try to insult her, the words don’t come out.

How to say it, my mouth is just hanging up and down.

“What are you doing? For you to not even be able to do a conversation. In this world I am the only deity and a maiden deity you know? For someone like you to be in the same room is already a sin. If I get pregnant how will you compensate?” (Bug)

Th-This bastard is a goddess. A unique deity.

In galges, a girl with a 100% tsun ratio would be more loveable than this, many many times more loveable!

It was an important thing, so with all my energy I said it two times.

I don’t want. I don’t want to. To go to a world that this goddess is managing is definitely not a proper world. There is no way I would want to go.

Tsuki-sama, please, seriously help me out of here. This is seriously impossible!!

“Well in the regulations it is said that you can only be transferred one time, since it’s already done. I would want to have a cooling-off on this” (Bug)

“Y-You! Calling me here because of your own circumstances, don’t give me that!” (Makoto)

“Uwaaa barbaric! The moment you speak and this? Not even your voice is beautiful. I don’t care anymore about you helping” (Bug)

“What?!” (Makoto)

“I have already prepared heroes that are fit for my world’s saga. You are fine already. Stay still in my world and don’t cause problems to it. Hear it? Really, to have made an insurance was the right thing to do” (Bug)

Like hell that is fine!!! What is up with that?!

I myself had made quite a resolve to come here!

Counting Tsukuyomi-sama, the gods, and the people.

And with that I had prepared myself in my own way, I had abandoned my previous world to come here and yet!

“Ah~ I’m already looking for a place to throw you to, okay~? It seems like even if you fall from here you won’t die. Ah~ the people from that world are truly tenacious huh? I am shocked” (Bug)

To have come here for only a few minutes, to be able to say those words with such selfish a reason. If I die and I am to do a trial, I would definitely call her with a murderous intent! In the first place, there is no reason to receive this kind of treatment! Right?!

“And also, I will tell you one thing okay? Don’t even try to spread your unsightly seed on my beautiful inhabitants of my world. Also pardon me from marriage okay? Because the world would get filthy” (Bug)

It’s okay. I have already given up on receiving anything from my ears. This is a first for me.

The times when the dojo sensei or the clubs senpai* gave me impossible requests were a lot, a whole lot better than this.[*Upperclassmen or senior]

There was also an event that almost became a trauma. And that time too! And also at that time as well!

That’s not it.

No good. I almost ran away from reality.

But this is quite the despairing reality.

The world I had to go into no matter what, I have confirmed that their unique deity goddess has a spiritual disorder. It’s an alarming situation.

“Ah, that’s right. That I wouldn’t give you any power was not a joke but I can at least give you a ‘comprehension’ power. There is no other way, I have to give in to at least this, for futures sake” (Bug)

For some reason she is reaching to an agreement by herself. Seriously don’t joke around with me. More like, is it normal for a God to have such a high pride? Is Tsuki-sama special or this thing is special. I want to believe in the tea. For my own health of mind.

“Hey, the Misumi. Are you hearing?” (Bug)

Finally my name has a ‘the’ in front of it. It’s better than ‘this’ or ‘that’ right? Everyone, I am Misumi family’s’ eldest son, Makoto Misumi is my name.

“What is it?” (Makoto)

I don’t even feel like speaking in a polite way with her. But it will definitely be forgiven. That’s right, because from anyone’s perspective I am the right one.

“I have made it so that you will be able to talk with the demonic race and mamonos* so you will be able to ‘comprehend’ their words. That’s why try your best and go make friends with goblins or orcs okay? Don’t go making trouble for the other races okay? Then, go” (Bug) [*Monsters]

“What a way of talkin- wa? Wawawawawawa?!” (Makoto)

“Aahh~?! Even his shouting voice is not beautiful! Nymphs! Clean every nook and cranny of this room! If it spread I wouldn’t be able to bear it” (Bug)

Suddenly I was attacked by the feeling of dropping.

The last words I heard. Am I some sort of devils incarnation?!

Even germs are living their lives to their fullest you know?!

At least at this place,

“Ah, I’m sorry. Actually, since the first time I saw you and I had fallen in love with you. Because I had to show my divinity, to be so harsh with you, I’m sorry” (Makoto)

“Ah, father(who is that?). Why did you make me do such a harsh treatment? To have given him such a trial” (Makoto(lol)

Like that and if she tear up while saying it, I would have forgiven her for a bit.

Nah, there is no way.

Her tone said it all, it was a really natural display, yes.

That damn Goddess!!!!!

No, like hell I would call her a Goddess again!

DAMN IT!!!!!!!!!

Close to my vision is a surface of darkness. And moreover, COLD!!

“Uwaaa?!”

What was displayed in my eyes was the surface of a wasteland.

The cold night wind that continued to hit me.

My eyes that had been exposed to the cold chilly wind were dropping tears.

It was in no way tears that were driven emotionally by the situation, I want to make that clear.

From the glittering room to the sudden night sky.

HAHAHA!

That bastard goddess, she really dropped me down~

It was an altitude where I could tell that below was a wasteland. If it were bright I would be looking at it as if it were a picture taken from modern times.

But you know. This could easily counted as falling down from an incredibly high altitude building. No matter how I think of it I would die right?

It’s definitely impossible not to die from this.

To be so strong that is troublesome, they said.

I would easily be broken into pieces!

I, did I have an affinity with gags?

I didn’t even need to think about it. My standing in the group was the number 2. In human relationship, I was a mediator and solved problems and also helped out the leader. What a nice thing.

I sometimes tried being a comedian but it was impossible. The gag affinity is already a skill in itself. If there is magic there might be skills too though. But sadly I don’t think I have those.

No good.

Then, what? Like that bastard pillbug said I would be dying? Right here?

A way! There must be a way somewhere!

I check my surroundings.

Sky.

A wasteland looking ground (or so I think)

The end.

As expected, it’s no good!

Father, mother. Thanks for giving birth to me in that other world.

To not have ended up living in a world where under that goddess protection I truly feel thankful for it. That goddess not divine protection, she may have even cursed me.

Yuki neesan and Rin, since I have come to this world you will not face any dangers.

It has only been 10 years but to have lived with you both as one of you, I am proud o-

Ah, I bit my tongue.

I can’t bring it to a closure~ even though it’s my end. With this maybe I will get the gag affinity.

That’s right. At the very least I will close my eyes.

I pray that it won’t hurt.

For every one of you that have read Tsuki ha Michibiku Isekai Douchuu…

“…-Dono! Makoto-dono? Makoto-dono!”

“Tsukuyomi-sama, I am even beginning to hear your voice. I wonder, why you are not the god of this world, it is truly regretting” (Makoto)

“Get a hold, get a hold of yourself! You can hear me right?!” (Tsuki)

It’s the real one?!

But wasn’t it supposed to be impossible to come in contact?

“What a thing. I have heard all the conversation. I am sorry, I apologize for both of us. To think she would do this kind of reckless action” (Tsuki)

“Tsukuyomi-sama! Iwantedtomeetyouseriously!”

For some reason speed talking. But I didn’t care.

“It’s true that with this Makoto-dono would only feel hurt a bit, but it is not a right thinking that is fine to do!” (Tsuki)

“Anyway, are you okay? Try landing” (Tsuki)

There was still some distance before reaching the ground. Could this be the effect of the revolving lantern that are making feel as if time is longer?

“You will feel the shock of falling to a mat from the second floor. But you won’t get hurt” (Tsuki)

“Wow” (Makoto)

I am more inhuman than I expected. I am impressive. How monstrous was the load I had on my previous world?

“Makoto-dono was training especially hard in that world after all. Normally it would be a shock without the mat” (Tsuki)

“My training made up for a mat huh? It unexpectedly has its effects” (Makoto)

To think with just doing that my body performance would show a difference.

“But to fall from this height must still be scary for you. I will try to do something about it. You can have peace of mind. On another note, I have a matter I have to tell you about” (Tsuki)

Tsuki-sama seemed to have a hard time saying what he wanted to say. Now that I think about it…

“Um, weren’t you supposed to be unable to communicate with me?” (Makoto)

“Ah, thanks to that I am truly pushing myself here. I will most likely have to sleep for a hundred years or so” (Tsuki)

“Wha?!” (Makoto)

Without thinking, my words leak out. That’s quite the issue! To do all that to try and save me. That’s right, Gods are originally supposed to be like this.

I made it so it would fit my convenience but I still would like it if it were like this.

The words of Tsuki-sama didn’t contain lies and my body that was falling down to the ground was enveloped by a white light and had the fall had grown lighter.

“Anyways, during the time the goddess to come for you it took quite a lot of time right?” (Tsuki)

“Yeah” (Makoto)

“That woman has really done it now. Using the fact that the both worlds were connected, she dragged two people away from the previous world!” (Tsuki)

W-What did he say?!

Is that not a kidnapping incident?! [Isn’t that kidnapping?!]

You should be a Goddess in a way. To do something like this is it okay?!

“No, no way! Could it be?!” (Makoto)

What immediately came to my mind was my relatives.

“It’s not Makoto-dono’s relatives. Though one of them is pretty close to that. In the middle of transferring it was skillfully overlapped. Might be an acquaintance of yours. I am sorry it overlapped. It was also my negligence” (Tsuki)

This is not the kind of talk about negligence.

I don’t know about the rules of a God but from the impatience of Tsukuyomi-sama, the goddess of this world was clearly going against the faith.

“I will most likely fall into sleep soon. In the time you are alive we will not be able to meet. But this incident I will make sure to report it to the other gods and deal with it. No matter if she is a Goddess of Creation, to have done such a barbaric act. There will definitely be a punishment” (Tsuki)

His voice was growing weaker.

He is really pushing himself.

Damn it.

Really I would have liked that instead of that woman, it were this good God. That, that kind of bastard that would do such a messed up thing!

“Those two persons, are they okay?!” (Makoto)

“Yeah. Both of them seem to have been summoned to a royal castle. They have already come into contact with the hyumans safely. That goddess has given them a lot of divine protection” (Tsuki)

The last part looked like it was hard for Tsuki-sama to say.

It was incredible. That difference in treatment.

“I understand your feelings. You already have no connection to your previous world. That’s why I know I have no place to say this to you. I know it but, if you are to meet with those two, please treat them well” (Tsuki)

Ah~ this person really. To be so gently to other people.

“Even though they have received the full course of the goddess?” (Makoto)

Receiving a high amount of divine protection from a god-like goddess, it sounds pretty powerful. Is there a need to be concerned about them?

“If we take off that they have the power of the goddess, then Makoto-dono is the strongest. Even if they have magic. The you that was originally hyuman already had magic power and over that was able to survive in that world and safely grow up. There is no need to compare” (Tsuki)

Continuing, Tsuki-sama said.

“I am a vague existence that doesn’t even know what he controls. Well, when I enter dormant state there might be changes in the moons movements but the other moon gods will certainly do something about it. Moreover, for me to say it is a bit… but I have received quite a big amount of power from my parents and the power I had reserved was quite an amount” (Tsuki)

From parents it must mean Izanagi.

“To lose to that kind of goddess in divine protection will not happen. Be relief” (Tsuki)

Oh~ full of confidence. There was a bit of poison in those words though.

“This kind of situation. Originally, the role of the hero that was supposed to be yours was taken away by the goddess itself so, you don’t have to hold back. By the name of Tsukuyomi I permit it. You, Misumi Makoto. I give you freedom in this new world. Do what you want!” (Tsuki)

Tsuki-sama was actually angry! As expected, you are the best Tsuki-sama!

I didn’t even need permission to, that’s what I was going to do but!

I even got an authorization to do so!! Yahooooo!!!

Being enveloped by the same light as the moon, I slowly fall down to the ground.

“With the will of the spirits, I pray that we will meet again” (Tsuki)

The voice of the god that grew cracked and disappeared.

“YES!” (Makoto)

From the God I acknowledged I made my voice higher.

Goddess?

What is that bug? Is it tasty?

I gently stood up from the unknown grounds.





Prologue POV - The meeting with the God of Moon, Tsukuyomi


There was a goddess whose interactions had long since died out.



It’s only contact with a human was one month ago in human sense.

The world it was managing was causing troubles, at those times humans were always there.

“That is impossible” I didn’t pay attention to it at first.

That’s because everyone that lived in this world was special in some way.

Humans.

The living beings that stood at the summit was not an exaggeration.

Depending on the circumstances even Gods would be brought down by them.

Those guys were the ones who lived at the very beginning of the world in the original world, not even crying nor asking for the protection of a transparent God, they took their work onto their own hands. A strict world where its life was limited.

Humans were most likely not even aware of how harsh it was to live in this kind of environment. Looking at the outside of this world called Earth, they would think this was actually a miracle place they were brought into, some humans may even be thankful of God for being born in such a place.

In a kind of sense it was a mistaken opinion.

The Gods who know the other worlds also know that in that original world, the Earth was an incredibly harsh environment.

As their body abilities were remarkably over their limits, it was natural that the thing called magic power was thin in exchange.

That’s why it was natural for humans to live for only 100 years or so and most of them were unable to utilize a single magical spell.

That’s awful.

Just from being born in this world, not only were they stripped off from their right-arm(magic) it was also the same as saying that you won’t live long.

For a person from another world to live here, in human terms it would be like living on top of clouds or trying to live a normal live at the bottom of the sea.

Without being afflicted by such an environment, one of the reasons why the humans were evaluated as the summit was because they had the ability, they could develop it and make use of it.

Possibility.

The most supreme yet worst power.

Learning from the worlds concepts, creating science, humans have invented various tools that made the world a more comfortable place to live in.

Originally, in that world humans shouldn’t have obtained science.

In this natural environment there weren’t any living creatures that could have obtained it.

A world where the intervention of Gods was thin, wisdom was something that should have been incredibly hard to get.

But in the present world they have obtained such thing.

What was originally thought to be impossible to obtain was obtained by humans, ironically it was the severity of this world that made them obtain this ability.

In a place where Gods intervention was difficult, on top of it a world where spirits were not able to properly exist in.

The nature’s phenomenon were practically all occurring by a principle.

Gods and Spirits, this beings that possessed incredible power, were unable to crook nor bend the truths and phenomenon.

That’s right, if you had interest in it, anyone would be able to understand the logics in it.

At one time a human gave birth to fire, by using this logic they opened the door of what is called science.

Even between the Gods there were split opinions about the humans using the logic(principles), and with that as the trigger, multiple disputes burst out. It was the biggest fight that had happened between the Gods that managed this world.

Leaving aside how this fight concluded.

In the actual time, humans showed a frightful amount of possibilities to this world.

Right now it is fine but in time if they were to interfere in other worlds, the ones called Gods would have to face against them. That means humans will meet the deities in time by the hands of their technology.

At that time will humans be humans, or maybe they will be treated as semi-gods, even now some of the Gods are questioning this.

In this actual world, the humans who could even oppose the Gods, moreover obtain the thing called science. They had to prepare themselves as it was a grave situation.

This beings unique and abnormal nature was clear.

That’s why, humans were basically living in this original world for eternity.

From other worlds Gods to creation Gods, they sought to invite humans but the ones who were able to do so were mostly none.

Because the effects that they would receive were too big.

They don’t know what would happen to the world if they were to summon one human being.

To say the least, that worlds intended future would create considerable amounts of futures where there shouldn’t have originally existed.

It could be said that they would walk into an area they wouldn’t be able to predict.

Sometimes the possibility power, especially the weakest ones, would fall down from it. For other worlds to obtain it was a rare occurrence and overall only a few of them were able to do so.

In the places it has fallen, the God that is managing that world and the one managing the origin one, a number of problems would occur but as of now no big events have happened.

As a matter of course, I refused the request of the goddess.

Without a proper reason, and it wasn’t like an incident has occurred or anything, to send a human to another world? Don’t joke with me.

But.

That goddess told me something very interesting.

Then it’s fine if its not human.

That’s what she said.

When I asked her in detail, the world that the girl was managing there seemed to be a race called Hyuman.

It seemed to be a creation based on humans that the Goddess modified to be the appropriate existence.

When I check it out, it certainly was there.

On top of it, a modern styled or so to say “home ground” Japan.

The misleading name of Hyuman was aggravating but it was more like a different brand of the same kind of thing.

Their body abilities were comparably weaker to humans, instead of being those monsters of possibilities they were more on the lenient side.

And also compared to humans, this sides were inclined to have more girls, their magic power that was easy to use might be the effect of having their body tampered with.

In an easy to understand way, the goddess taste of girls made them easy to be born in, also it could be said that they were weak and low possibility humans.

For her it could be an improvement but, in the point of view for quality they were degraded.

Especially, what was she thinking by making the girls more prominent?

Was it because you are a woman god?

Nah, being a Goddess, creation was something habitual. This kind of regulation was something I haven’t seen anyone doing.

She is doing something I don’t understand.

Anyways, those hyumans were living in that kind of world.

Living in Japan, there they establish with their children, in the present time they are in good health.

It seems they were somewhat receiving the protection of their Goddess.

It’s quite the thing.

Though, the way the goddess does things is, how to say it? Amazing to say the least.

Instead of clever it was more like shrewd.

Instead of skillful it was more like crafty.

I was against the way this girl operated.

In the time she was managing various worlds, had a change occurred in her?

She was not the type of girl that interfered in this stuff.

Of course I also had opposition in those so called accidents.

In the same way that the origin world could spill out to another world.

Another world could possibly, even if few, be able to too.

But that is something that wouldn’t bring that much interest in.

Why is that?

Because most of them would die.

They wouldn’t be able to adapt to the origin world.

Even if some of them were to survive, the cases where they would affect the world were almost nonexistent.

The werewolfs, the yukionna, those famous examples, to the gigantic life forms that were suddenly discovered.

They would be able to cause uproars but in the end they were not beings that could create new possibilities.

Of course, in such rare occurrences where it happened, Gods would provide assistance to humans in order to cope with it.

Even if they are able to survive, they will mostly not cause any kind of trouble to humans. By receiving the protection of the Gods they would normally live in peace.

But well, regarding them there are agreements and issues, that was the reality of it.

The goddess seemed to be trying to use that as a pretext.

If in the origin world they could live by adapting to it, by the goddess summon, that person would do contributions worth seeing over.

“But they are people that are living in this world right? If they are summoned, it would mean that they would have to throw away all of that. Will you be able to provide conditions that can make it agree?”(

“You are always like this right? For a God to take the peoples circumstances in consideration, I think that is useless concern”

“I will tell you this, if you are to do it forcefully you will be declaring war against me. You haven’t even obtained permission to do the transfer, so I will not create the gate”

“I understand. It’s not like I was saying I would do it forcefully. I have already discussed this with the Misumi, as they were transported a long time ago. That’s why there won’t be denial”

“Fumu, I see, they were already transported once. In that case the one who will be transported is one of the children, right?

There aren’t many out there who held a body that can handle multiple transfers to other worlds.

Though if it’s a human it’s a different story.

“Yeah. All is fine if you just give me your cooperation and create the gate. I will not trouble you. I will handle the rest”

“It’s no good. At best, to create a fitting gate I would have to wait until January. I will look over it, the moment the gate is created I will also be present with you”

“!!? Aren’t you being really distrustful?”

“Of course. There is no change in the fact we will be transferring a living being from the origin world, moreover the words of someone who is trying to make me agree to a summon by using underhanded means, I won’t swallow them so easily”

“Is that the kind of words you should be saying to someone who will carve her name in the world of creation deities? Only having done plain jobs, you mere moon deity”

“Because you have the ability of creation you are great? I will return those words to you, it seems you have become quite conceited. Our works don’t have such thing as ranks. Everything is necessary, everything we do is something that we should respect. You being a high class goddess should feel ashamed that someone else has to point it out to you”

“Who cares? I leave it to you to do the selection. Well see you in January”

Feeling that she would be preached, she closed the conversation and disappeared.

Yareyare.

I don’t have that much free time though.

Remembering the conversation with her I breathe out a sigh.

Today is the day.

The suitable day to create the otherworld gate.

The other day I went to see the Misumi family’s kids that the goddess nominated.

Because we would have to choose one of them to transfer.

From oldest one it was a girl, boy and a girl.

There were 3 kids in the household of Misumi.

The oldest daughters’ endurance was low and her physical ability was normal, she only had experience in judo, but she was incredibly good at it.

From her body I could sense the power of a god.

It seems that thanks to the god’s powers protection her physical abilities were at the minimum. Her ability in judo was the results of her training, it’s a case where the talent bloomed.

Right now she was not aiming the official matches’ route. She was attending university and was aiming to be a physician.

Her relationship companion was a person with a favorable wind.

The body of the second daughter was slightly weak, she learned karate and again it seems she had talent in it.

I couldn’t feel the god’s power within her.

That even without it she was able to be born healthy must be because at that time her parents’ body had already adapted to this world’s environment.

As she was the youngest child, she was used to being loved. Her family and friends would normally pamper her.

Even with her high school test approaching and being pressed with studying for them, she was positively facing it.

Right now she has no partner, she was at that age where she would dream of those things.

And now the eldest son.

This is most likely the person that the goddess was referring to.

I don’t know about the Goddess conversation with the parent or how she conversed with them.

But he was clearly different from the other two.

The eldest sister that was protected by the goddess power, the second daughter which her parents had adapted to the environment on time.

He had the appearance of someone who had come from another world and looked incredibly feeble.

To the point where it wouldn’t be strange for him to have died a couple of times. To have surpassed the infancy period is already a miracle.

In other words, in a bad way, he was the one that inherited the special characteristics of his parents the most.

There is supposed to be a high probability of having a unique appearance, yet he had the average face of a Japanese person.

Though his physical ability was properly inherited as it was weak just like his parents.

He must not be aware of it but he is walking on an unfortunate life.

From the information that the fate goddess has provided me easily made me raise my voice.

Eldest sister, second daughter and also his parents have a unique appearance that makes people around envy them but only he had a mediocre looks.

Looking at it from just scale it was actually a praiseworthy miracle though, if you only see at the numbers he only had normal strength.

In a place where it wouldn’t have been strange to have received talents, it was to the degree of apologizing that he was born a normal person that did not receive a single one of them.

Moreover since he was born in the peaceful Japan, the talent he had would not have a chance to awaken.

In a sense his disadvantage width was amazing.

As a result he has been living a very, very ordinary life as a Japanese high school boy.

That is in general a valid assessment.

Even if he struggles and struggles, he will still remain in that same position.

The configuration of siblings was similar to mine, so I felt a sort of connection with him.

The only similarity was that we were in between the top and bottom though.

And the only ability of Misumi Makoto.

Different from a talent, no, is it correct to call it a talent?

That is something I’m not sure myself.

The archery he had been learning since infancy.

It was his high ability in it.

Instead of a natural gift he was more like a prodigy.

Different from having been born with it, it was an ability that bloomed from a different place.

The ability to hit the target.

It seemed a little different though.

But in that short amount of time I have concluded that his ability is to hit targets.

With that unique concentration, he with his bow would never miss its target.

It was truly splendid, if in the future he were to use that ability in a fitted job there is a chance he would become a terrifying existence.

Even if that doesn’t happen, he could dig deep inside his self with his concentration ability. In the future it would prove useful to him.

From the 3 kids of the Misumi family, he was the only one who had this kind of strange ability.

In short, he heard from his parents to use it on emergencies, or so it goes.

That’s why even when having this ability he is aware of it.

If there is a candidate for transportation it should be him.

If I were able to have a conversation with him I could be able to understand the situation more but, for a God to interact with a human there a lot of strict regulations, in this times case it would be just at the moment of the transfer.

I felt that I would be able to get along with him, it is regretful.

But.

The other party will have anxiety remaining.

Misumi in this one month, he had been living as if nothing happened and leading a high school life.

He did not sort out his personal affairs, he hadn’t even done any training concerning the transfer at all.

He was leading his life as every other day.

He would wake up, if it was his turn he would make the breakfast, he carried his bento to attend school, worked hard in club activities, studied, mingled with friends, took a meal, trained his body, delved himself in his hobbies, bathed, slept.

He was a young man in his teens after all.

He had decent tastes, there were a number of people that had taken a fancy to him in high school.

Anyone who Misumi asked, at least if talking about his appearance, they would tell him he is a lucky guy.

For him it would be the first time in this world he would experience spring.

The most prominent ones in my eyes are the club activities kohai (junior) and the club’s president.

If it becomes a triangle relationship, the ones who are watching from the sides would have a lot of fun.

For the boy who has not experienced a single relationship, there is no helping he is expecting something. Watching the love affair of the young ones brings a smile to my face.

Though.

That will not become reality.

Because I will be taking away everything from the time he has spent to the time he will be spending in this world.

To have your whole life derail by the selfishness of a God is indeed an unpleasant feeling.

He has the right to hate us.

Making time in my busy schedule, I had to take the role of the hated one, I am completely out of luck.

Well now, I should call him.

Dragging the Misumi inside his dreams, at the same time that I created the gate I also made a space where I invited him to.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

What a stupid thing have you done!!!

That goddess reckless actions. With a face of disbelief I look at Makoto that has disappeared from in front of me. I was feeling an indescribable anger I hadn’t felt before.

While I was wondering why the creation of the transfer gate was taking so long, not only the appointed person but on top of that 2 other pure humans had also been taken away.

I wanted to talk with the person in respects to the transfer so I asked the details about it but, that boy didn’t know anything at all.

Aside from the fact that he had not discussed to his parents about it, he still didn’t know that he was a hyuman.

That was reasonable.

Even if he was to notice it when he was in the other world I wouldn’t be able to be by his side. I pray that he makes a good friend.

Its birthplace and brought up environment, when humans begin to question those, the ones who will become their support will not be Gods.

The past he has walked upon, friends he can depend on, a figure one looks up to.

It’s those kind of things.

Subsequently, I regret to have made a statement that was like trying to cover for that goddess.

By habit I requested Makoto to turn a blind eye on the actions of the goddess.

Of course if his relation with her goes well that is desirable but, in the case that the boy follows recklessly, listening to what she said and turns out the result was different from expected.

With this kind of treatment he would be way too pitiful.

In this situation there was no other remedy.

I had lost a great amount power with him but I still used all of my willpower to send some to him into his vessel.

It was really hard to endure on this old body.

But thinking about that boy who chose to be transferred in place of his sisters, I couldn’t say those kind of words.

With only my consciousness I will head over there and track down those 2 that had been taken away.

It took its time but it seems that the two of them had already come in contact with a hyuman settlement.

Both of them had numerous blessings from the goddess and were even granted sacred treasures.

It looks like those two have no problems.

Leaving aside the worlds influence, their eyes didn’t seem to harbor any inconvenience.

Maybe it’s because of the rules that state the transferred ones must agree with it. Those two, even if they were confused I didn’t feel any feelings of rejection from them.

Now then, about Makoto.

I had heard that goddess ramblings to the point of rotting my ears but I wonder how much of what she said was serious.

W-What?!

Makoto was really in the sky?!

Aside from sacred treasures I can barely feel the power of the goddess within him!

I can feel it faintly but… language understanding?

That not something you give to someone, and moreover it was thrust upon him in an incomplete state.

But to think he would be thrown away in this border without a single thing!

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

To the ends of the world, star falling into wasteland, a body falls.

Haiku of my season.

NONONONONONO.

Why am I think about a haiku?!

With such an unrealistic occurrence I shortly escaped from reality.

By the calls of a God he was transferred to this world and suddenly he is in the sky head first!

That stupid girl, even if you are a god what are you doing!

I will contact Makoto as soon as possible.

From the boy that had a face like he had given up on life while falling, a bit of vitality had appeared in it.

On top of telling him that he wouldn’t die even if he fell, I told him that two persons had also been transferred along with him.

As expected, Makoto asked worried if one of her sisters was in those two that were transferred. I told him that wasn’t the case.

Telling him that the two of them had already come into contact with people, a complex expression appeared on Makoto’s face.

Even so, when I tried requested him to treat them well if he were to meet them, he showed me a face of amazement and with a kind expression he nodded.

Fufufu.

As I thought, I do get well with him.

Finally, I felt like my power was drying up.

The time limit is close.

I wanted to talk with him about a lot more things but it seems that won’t be possible.

That goddess, I hope she is prepared to be punished.

Even if she is a creation deity of lots of authority, I won’t let it finish without repercussion.

“This kind of situation. Originally, the role of the hero that was supposed to be yours was taken away by the goddess itself so, you don’t have to hold back. By the name of Tsukuyomi I permit it. You, Misumi Makoto. I give you freedom in this new world. Do what you want!”

Makoto doesn’t need to hear the goddess, and with just my word he would feel uneasy but with my name on line I promised him freedom.

The Makoto who seemed to be happy at my words.

That’s right, with this kind of poor treatment, who would follow anything that goddess says.

In any way you want, for the rest of your life, it is okay to live it as you want!

“With the will of the spirits, I pray that we will meet again. At that time I hope you will tell me about your way of living in this world. Please, let Makoto have good fortune in the future that is to come”

It is already impossible for us to meet in this world anymore. With a prayer that we will meet again, I disappeared from the world of the goddess.

My consciousness turned muddy.

To have used this much power is a first for me.

It was the worst feeling, terrible, is what I thought.

Overexerting myself I was barely able to request the assistance of a number of acquaintances. Finally, I collapsed.

Please, let Makoto have a blissful future.





Chapter 1 - Standing on a new world


I am Misumi Makoto.

Second year high-school student attending the local Nakatsuhara high school.

My club is the archery club, my specialty is archery.

Grades are so-so, physical strength average.

Appearance, probably not so good yet not so bad.

Hobbies are somewhat otakuish, though my range is pretty big so I normally try out everything I can.

Interests that will not change are the bow and era dramas.

The good part in my life, the look of me utilizing the bow.

Though, I still think I have a normal profile.

To be in such a place is definitely not fitted for me.

A reddish-brown wasteland as far as the eye can see.

This looks like the places I have heard about in my classes.

In the day it would get hot, at night it would become chilling, those kind of places.

From the time I have been sent here I have already faced 2 nights.

I haven’t eating anything, yet for some strange reason I don’t feel hungry.

I have been told that in this otherworld I can display physical abilities that surpass human capability so maybe that is the reason why.

Ah… why am I in this kind of place?

Answer, the result of a prank by God.

I get it, I already get it.

I don’t know how many times I have asked and answered myself this question.

What should have been a normal day with nothing happening.

Being called by one of the Mikos, Tsukuyomi Mikoto, then being abducted by that weird goddess and after that here I am.

The first one gave me an impression of being a kind God, the later one God is one that I don’t even want to acknowledge.

So the later Goddess one, no, the existence worse than a bug threw me out to an unknown wasteland where not only people but even the presence of animals could not be sensed.

Really, I don’t understand anything.

In this situation with no belongings at all, I walked through the wide unchanging scenery of the wasteland all day.

Instead of kidnapping this was closer to murder.

No good, the more I think about that bitch the more depressed I get.

My surroundings are already pitch black.

There was the light of the stars but it was not suitable for walking.

Because this body had already gotten used to electric light, the darkness in this place instilled fear.

But even if I say so, sleeping is a no go.

I have been feeling drowsy but if I sleep deeply, dangerous things might approach me.

That I can’t see anything doesn’t mean there isn’t anything at all.

I am starting to feel that it wouldn’t be bad to follow what the Goddess said and encounter some orc or goblins.

A place where I can sleep peacefully. I didn’t think that such a place would be feel so important to me.

Tomorrow.

Tomorrow for sure.

I pray for a change to occur.

If possible, please let me have a conversation with someone.

I won’t even care about the looks, I also want to find food.

Ha… I hope morning can come soon.

An incredibly long night that can’t compare to when I watched anime on the net in my room to pass time.

Second day of living in the otherworld, the same as the first. Nothing happening.

In a shadow of a rock I rolled up my knees and waited for morning to come.





Chapter 2 - I rely on the scream


As far as I can see is a vast wasteland and rocky hills.

Continuing blindly on this vast wasteland and rocky hills.

A scenario that continues on and on.

When I was falling my eyes were filled with tears and I didn’t have room to look carefully at what was at the bottom.

Seriously? This situation.

This is already the third day you know?

It should be fine to have a change about now.

Since the time I had fallen, I had been walking forward without caring about day or night. Anyhow, a wide barren land. Before I noticed I am in the same place, kind of thing, for the sake of not happening I made signs in a part of the scenery and continued to walk on.

Even with that, the thing that I am already used to seeing in front of me, a conspicuously tall mountain, I felt it hadn’t gotten any closer. It may be an illusion, and many times I felt my heart would crumble.

After all, there was commendably no one here nothing here.

In a sense it was incredible. Not only people, there aren’t even animals you know?

Ah, I had forgotten it.

Things I could eat there were none you see. I in times saw a dry straw like grass, as expected, I don’t think I would be able to eat it. But even that is scarce though!

That I feel hungry but can still walk may be because my body has become superhuman. If it were the usual, I would have already dried up and rendered unable to stand.

Doing what Tsuki-sama told me, I tried using my given ‘power’ so I concentrated to activate it but I failed(?)

I tried to gather the power onto the palm of my hand but.

I don’t understand it a single bit. I could certainly feel the power gathering but, nothing is happening.

I tried placing my hand on the ground but that was in vain.

I tested a lot of things but.

Only, the objects I have in my hand will slightly move depending on how much energy I utilize. This is probably the most easiest to see and understand form.

But it’s not like it actually moves, it just trembles in my hand.

It’s a mystery. And also, I don’t think I can use this to get out of my current situation.

Well, this power is something precious that Tsuki-sama has given me. I believe that great person wouldn’t make a mistake.

I will try to experiment more with it, I have to understand this power as soon as possible.

Anyways, it’s hot.

In the day it’s reasonably hot.

At night it’s reasonably cold.

That’s how I felt it but.

At noon I could clearly see the heat haze with my eyes. Right now is just like that.

At nights the surface of the rocks began to frost.

This seemed like an incredibly harsh environment for a human, yes.

I once more thank my superhuman body.

Well, without caring about my surroundings I advanced forward at a pretty fast pace.

The moment I reach that mountain there should be a change in the situation, probably. Please may there be. I implore.

The only thing I hear is the wind and my own footsteps!

It’s already been 3 days!

At this point in time there should already be an event right?!

“I see, it’s because I am not a hero anymore~ I’m just an ugly duckling after all”

I began to speak to myself. It may be the effect of loneliness but the times I have said what I was thinking have increased. So sad.

My eyes become slightly hollow. I gazed at the far distance. I want to believe there is human population at that side.

What might the two heroes be doing now I wonder? They are surely being received with open arms by the royalty and nobles, and must be eating a nice feast.

Compared to me.

I look at my back. Nothing but reddish-brown wasteland. The path I have travelled.

Every time I saw a mirage I dashed to it so I should have shortened quite a bit of distance. I most likely wouldn’t even recognize the place I was dropped to.

At first I planned to walk mindlessly and then encounter someone or find a settlement or so I thought but.

It seems that is a privilege that is reserved only for main characters.

Also, to be so perfectly without anything at all. There wasn’t a single shadow of a per- ???

“?? ???”

So.

That voice was slight but.

I tried with all my ability to concentrate my changed body, probably this would be the first time in all my life that I have become so sensitive.

My ears didn’t let the sound escape.

I stop my steps.

I perk up my ears with my hands and silently close my eyes.

Where is it, from where did I hear it?

I have to concentrate. Just concentrate.

As if to not miss even the moment a single drop of water falls.

I definitely heard a voice, I have to make sure of it.

“? Sa… Ple…a”

“It’s over there!!!!!!”

I heard it once more, it was definitely a scream.

I open my eyes. Like if wanting to obtain those sound waves!

I am still admirably fasting though!

My stomach is extremely empty but!

Since the time I came here, it’s the most power I have had.

I kicked the ground and ran.





Chapter 3 - Encounter with the First Villager, no this doesn’t count


“Sa-Save me!!”



I clearly heard a voice. Somewhere close to that rocky hill.

“Yes with pleasure!!!!” (Makoto)

With a happy reply I dash. My tension had already gone out of the gauge! I felt I could use ultimate skills one after the other.

I see it, I can clearly see it. I really have incredible eyesight. I definitely don’t need glasses. I have already taken out the lens though, it’s only for the looks!

What I saw frightened me but I won’t stop my legs.

There were two things there, one seemed to be a pig and the other was a dog with 2 heads. Oh well, it’s a whole lot better than solitude.

In games there are pigs that can fly in the sky and also a helldog with 3 heads.

Just because they are now in the real world, at this occasion I won’t even care! I am a superhuman over here got a problem with that?!

While I was running I see, the one who wants to be saved is the pig one. Is that what you call an orc?

The one attacking was the 2 headed dog. A fight between mamono(monsters)?

Who I should side with is obvious. The one who raised its voice! Thanks to you I have met living beings after all!!!

That side seems to have already noticed my presence. Both of them are being cautious of the one that is kicking up a cloud of dust(me).

I am thankful. With this the orc-kun(maybe) will be safe. That is if I can beat the dog one though.

“What are you, bastard!! Are you going to get in the way?!” (2 headed dog)

The two headed dog howled. For some reason I could tell the meaning of its howl. I was quite surprised that I could also understand the words of the orc. There is no problem! I don’t mind!

Though it felt weird to hear a howl and the words at same time but.

“Hi! I am a human, Makoto!! Nice to meet you!”

It entered my range of attack.

Being secure of it I used the momentum of my running and plunge, facing the dog I l aimed a flying kick onto him.

“Deryaaaaa!!!” (Makoto)

It was an attack that used my momentum in order to gain the initiative and open the distance.

“Wa, it’s too fast!!” (Dog)

Those became the last words of the dog.

In the middle of the two heads, my kick connects.

It was okay up to that point but…

Just like that, I went through him.

Hai?

My opponent was a mamono right? No, no matter if it was a mamono.

Even if I ran with all my strength, a hit using all the momentum…

No matter how much, isn’t this way too weird?!

“E, Ehmmmm” (Makoto)

The inside of my heart was in panic but I managed to land.

Timidly I turn to my back.

“Ah, well, I have done it” (Makoto)

It was a gruesome spectacle.

The double headed hounds upper body was scattered around, while the lower half was lying on the ground. It was on a level where you wouldn’t know what in the world it had been done to it.

I’m sorry I’m sorry I’m sorry.

To think such a thing would happen I wouldn’t even be able to imagine it. Its true you know?

It was like if a truck had just ran over it.

I turn my eyes away.

I had been the one that had done it but I couldn’t fathom it.

I met eyes with orc-kun.

Compared to the time where it was with the dog I could see that its eyes had even more fear in it.

Strangely, the appearance that is supposed to feel ugly, that I didn’t feel any disgust in it must be because of that bug, I mean, goddess. There won’t be an experience more befitting on not to judge by appearance after all. Saying that I am not beautiful, that I am useless, don’t screw with me.

In a lot of meanings, have I messed up?

But anyways I am able to communicate. I should talk with it.

Ah~ a conversation. What a wonderful act.

I have done quite an inexcusable thing to that dog. Please rest in peace.

I join both of my hands and pray for its happiness in the next world. The next time we meet, may we be able to talk with each other.

Now then.

A conversation right? Finally I will be able to talk with someone.

Feeling a strange anticipation my heart beats faster.

Quietly I look at the orc as I stand in front of it.





“Ah~ nice to meet you” (Makoto)

“Hiiii!!! It spooooke!” (Orc)

E?

????????

What? Did I fail right from the get go?!

Nono, it’s my first encounter in three days you know? Like hell I will give up. Impossible.

“I am not a strange person. I am gentle and kind. Do you understand my words?” (Makoto)

The orc-kun(maybe) shakes its head up and down but then soon after shakes it left and right.

I don’t understand what it means. Is that a gesture that only exists in this world?

It also walks in two legs so it is pretty close to a human being though.

No wait. Seeing the piggy-san standing, maybe because it looks close to a human being I unconsciously cornered it too much.

“A person that killed a “Liz” with one attack cantbeagentleandkindperson!” (Orc)

Oh, I see. I can agree to that. That was really unbelievable after all. I think so too.

It seems its murmuring a lot of stuff but its unexpectedly a composed fellow. Saying “That… that kind of way of doing in” or something like that.

“Okay I get it. I am strong. I am stronger than you!” (Makoto)

“Hiiii!!!” (Orc)

The piggy gets scared and curls its body.

What is with this picture? Saying ‘It spoke?!’ and now getting all scared. To calm it down I try a number of gestures.

Ooh, this is surreal.

Well, in this kind of situation I thought it would be saying ‘I took an interest in you’ or something like that but maybe I am playing too many games.

I see, that is something that would work properly for a beast type. A thing that would be more fitted for the dog one.

A pig is not a beast?

Something similar to it would be a goblin huh. That is probably a girl? But I feel that an Oni would fit her image too.

Thinking I have been playing too many games, but I still look for information inside those must be because the existence that should only appear in games, mamono, is in front of me.

“Well, just calm down. It’s true that I am strong but it is also true that I came to help you, you know?” (Makoto)

Lifting both of my arms up I appeal the fact that I am not dangerous.

Yeah. Instead of saying ‘I am stronger than you’ it would be better to appeal that I didn’t come here to harm her.

Anyways, intimidation is not part of my character after all.

“You are the one that cried ‘Save me~!’ So I came here and saved you. I am your ally right?”

Orc-kun(maybe) lifted its head up and faced my way. It seems that her trembling calmed down a bit.

Good good, it looks like I have earned good will. With how this is going…

“R-Really?” (Orc)

Still scared she faced me and looked at my eyes, I nodded at her.

The caution in her expression dimmed and then went to fear again.

“What is up with that?!”

In a place with no one I make a tsukkomi. (TN: tsukkomi means a retort but may also mean slapping a person beside you while retorting to him)

No good. To think communication was so complicated.

I have no money nor things in hand so I have nothing to offer.

W-Will this end in a failure? No way, I can’t give up!

“W-Why is a hyumanabletospeakwithme?! Could it be, youareahyumanthatpossessestamer?!” (Orc)

Tamer?

What is that?

If you ask me why I can speak with her that would be because of a bug like god.

I see, a normal human being, no, even if its normal a human shouldn’t be able to talk with a mamono~

What a power have you given me!

People will misunderstand me with this!

“Ah, gezz!! I, tamer? Wrong! I am lost! I saved you! The end!” (Makoto)

For now let’s be direct.

I will tell her the things that are certain.

“??”

Mu, she is thinking. She is trembling but compared to before its better. I have already made quite the distance between us so I would like it if you stopped doing that though.

Moreover, I am pretty scared too you know?

In a situation where I am facing a piggy standing in two legs, to have the intention of mutual understanding moves me.

The wandering in this place for 3 days wasn’t for nothing.

“??”

I wait silently. What about the reaction on that side? The presence of conversation is zero now.

“I- I get it” (Orc)

YES!

I did it! Thanks! Arigatou! ShieShie!

“Thanksforsavingme” (Orc)

Gureito, this is a conversation that is like a conversation. And moreover, with good will. This is something to be happy about.

“Nono, I am just glad you are okay. Anyways, is your village close to here?” (Makoto)

I will change my way of addressing to ‘kimi’(you). Saying ‘omae omae’ (TL: you in a rude way) is a bit impolite or at least that’s how I think so.

Even if it’s a village a town or even a house.

Whatever is fine, I just want to sleep in a place with a roof.

But sadly she shook her head horizontally.

“C-Could it be you are also lost?” (Makoto)

She once more shook her head horizontally without vigor.

“I… to tell you the truth, have been lost for 3 days already. Do you know where I can find people around here?” (Makoto)

Once more she shook.

Oh god. Is my situation even changing? This is an event right? Is it not?!

“There is no hyuman village here. This is called the ‘end of the world’, a barren wasteland” (Orc)

End of the world?

That… I think have heard it not too long ago.

… Hey!

That bug, could it be she really threw me to the ends of the world?!

It wasn’t just a way of saying?! Would you normally go to such lengths?!

I feel malice. A really precise malice!

Honestly you would doubt this amount of harassment.

Eh?

It may be called the ends of the world but there may actually be a giant town just in the vicinity?

Too naaiiiiive!!!! Its more naïve than the kindness of Tsuki-sama!

No way, there is definitely no way.

I have already understood the personality of that bug. She doesn’t admit anything that is not beautiful. First of all the appearance must be an okay.

Most likely the other two were really beautiful. To have been taken a liking by that man-hater bug, to have given them power and protection and blessings t-they must have been r-really beautiful right?!

“I am on my way to Shen-sama’s god mountain to sacrifice myself” (Orc)

While I was running wild with my hate to the goddess that I haven’t seen the form of, she continued her conversation.

Yaay an event flag~.

I haven’t even arrived to a village or a town and I have already encountered an event that smells of mid-boss battle~

I am going to have a nosebleed~

While tears ran down her eyes she told me that shocking reality of hers.

Hearing her out I understood that she was a highland orc that lives in the plateau, it seems to be a high level orc tribe.

Though from the appearance it doesn’t look like that.

Once every half a year, the owner of the mountain called the god mountain requests a young female to be sacrificed.

If they don’t do so, a thick mist covers the village and the crops won’t grow up properly.

That’s incredible highland orc. To not be plundering and do hunting and agriculture. You have a proper livelihood.

They are practically humans. Taking out the appearance.

By the way.

For some reason I feel like flags are standing one after the other.

From the several lines of explanation and situation, you should already know what kind of flag it is right everyone?

A battle flag? Nono it’s a bit different.

A sense of optimism? Or maybe a sweet poison called hope?

Okay, lets arrange the facts.

I was thrown to another world.

I followed a scream and helped a girl(orc) from a mamono.

And so, the first girl I met in this world tells me that she will soon be sacrificed.

And then I go and destroy this talk about a sacrifice (Not yet)



Do you understand now?

It’s a he.ro.i.ne flaaaaaggggg!!!?!”?!”?!? (Because it’s a horrible spectacle we have decided not to depict the reaction of our main character)

And now try doing the (not yet)!

It would seriously stand up!

Impossible, definitely impossible.

Of course, I am not the type who would judge a girl by her looks. She is normal. And her impression is pretty light.

But,but if I am to go out with someone I would like it to be human(looking)!

Is this a luxury?!

If it’s (looking) then an orc also counts?

Nononono, that’s called sophism.

I also have experience like a normal human. I am not going to stick my head on things like prejudice or preconception.

Certainly from the girl orc, I can’t smell that bad odor that I know of. Rather, I can smell the nice scent of what seemed to be flowers from her.

Like a senpai you admire kind of?

Ha!!

W-Wrong! That’s not how it is!

Listen well, in my ‘experience’ there are ‘obvious’ breech of morals as well.

A glamour to the point of looking unnatural, people who their bodies have stopped growing up at an early stage, the girl that represents the elfs, beast race with animal ears and armor made of flesh.

Spirits that have humanoid form, the demon race that would have blue or black or sometimes green skin. Depending on its looks even a robot is fine!

An orc.

But an orc is impossible.

That is discrimination?!

Shut up!! If the base of its form is not human-like I don’t want! That part I won’t back down! I will not back down!

Playing all of my many experiences in the dream world of men, I regrettably, truly regrettably have not have an orc girl as a conquer target.

Wa, experience? That’s right, it’s in games! Is that bad?!

Anyways, you get it. For her to be a conquer target will never happen!

“So that’s why, I’m sorry” (Makoto)

I apologized to the girl ahead of time. This kind of things is better to settle as soon as you can.

“E, what are you talking about?” (Orc)

Damn. I messed up my heart conflicts with the conversation at hand. This is a blunder.

“W-Well~ It’s nothing at all~” (Makoto)

The girl was confused. But that was only for a short moment, as she soon smiled again (maybe? I don’t know) to me.

“Anyways, if it’s okay with you, please let me compensate you, Makoto-sama” (Orc)

Wow, to think she remembered my name after that entrance. Yeah, I will forget that after that she said ‘It spoke?!’

What a well-mannered lady. How regrettable. More than a human girl I would have liked her to be a dog girl or a cat girl though~

“Un, I am Makoto. By the way, I am 17 years old. Nice to meet you” (Makoto)

“I am Ema. I am also 17 years old” (Ema)

To think her age was also fitting! It’s really that only her race made it that the flag be only a battle flag.

By the way, the ‘don’t marry’ that the bug told me is not even remaining in my mind.

Tsuki-sama told me I was able to do anything I wanted after all~

“Just ahead of here, there is the last point the ‘Body Purifying Field’ to reach the god mountain. Please rest your body that has been tired by your travels there” (Ema)

Is that like a place to take a break? She is a really good girl.

It is quite cheap but it’s like she is making me her bodyguard until we reach that ‘Body Purifying Field’ place. Well if it’s like before there won’t be problems. If a rock falls I feel I can repel it as well.

“T-Thanks Ema” (Makoto)

I accept her invitation and we begin walking to the direction of that so called God Mountain.

Strangely, the more I talk with her the more clearly I can understand her way of speaking.

That bug must have given me a power that lets me understand the language of another race the more I speak to them. Like tuning to their thoughts.

Well, I don’t have any problems with that.

While speaking with her I continue my travels.

She told me about how her village is slowly losing its young girls. She told me stories about the festivals that her village had done in the times of peace.

If 2 young girls went every year as sacrifice in the future it would perish. It was a simple calculation. Even a kid would know that.

From the start, the Ema that was a sacrifice and was heading to her dead place.

For her way of speaking to get gloomy every now and then was not surprising.

I just responded her and followed her but, I still had a number of questions.

I will later think about them carefully.

When I reach the last resting point what should I do.

If I go and defeat the mid-boss the flag would seriously stand right?

She is a good girl but… she is a really good girl but!

She has a nice personality, her age is close too. She is also the village chief’s daughter so it may look like I’m a gold digger.

Muu~ really, why are you not a human Ema?

It could be that you are actually a beautiful princess that has been cursed.

Human civilization is too far away from here so there is no chance.

“Ah, that is the place” (Ema)

Ema-san points a finger to a cave. It certainly looks like it was made artificially. The state of the entrance as well as the road to it. There is clearly signs of hands having worked on it.

“Um, Makoto-sama. I am sorry but can you wait here for a bit? I have to go explain to the people that are protecting this place about Makoto-sama first” (Ema)

“Understood” (Makoto)

It’s quite plausible. If I suddenly went with her I might get attacked.

I have understood Ema-san’s disposition a little bit.

There is no way she would bring an army corp to attack me.

Even if it does come to that since I can clearly see the entrance from here I would be able to escape.

Confirming that Ema’s figure had disappeared into the cave, I began to think about the future.

At this rate Ema-san will die. She is a sacrifice after all.

That girl is really a good orc. Moreover she is the first person I spoke to.

It may be a little different but she was like a comrade.

If it’s possible I would want to save her but, that flag is harsh. And the strength of my enemy is unknown.

If I think about all that has happened it wouldn’t be strange to encounter a last boss-like existence.

This is totally a maso-game.

Though it’s not a game but reality so it might be obvious that it would be tough.

If I am able to successfully get information in that cave.

Early in the morning I will slip out, defeat that ‘god’ and as a result I will save the girl.

It’s okay if I just disappear after that.

If I promise her that her village will be save she would have to return to the village after all.

The boss that Ema-san called Shen-sama, if it’s me I may be able to speak with it. There should be other ways to resolve things aside from fighting.

I see Ema-san that is waving her hand at the entrance of the cave. She is smiling. She must have succeeded in her negotiation.

Seeing her appearance.

I thought for a little bit, to do a hero sham that the Goddess said I wasn’t needed to do.





Chapter 4 - That which I have yearned for


“Then, please try doing it” (Ema)

Like Ema told me to I chant the incantation.

The language that is used for the incantation is different from the orc one but for me it sounded like normal words. More like, if I willed to use it I felt like the words naturally flowed. By the sensation I noticed that I was the one that was saying it.

It seemed like an incantation is a special thing so it wouldn’t become your spoken language no matter what, I was going to show that I could but I stopped from doing so.

They told me it was like accumulating all the power inside your body but I decided to not do it.

The enhancement of physical and magical power that Tsuki-sama taught me, if I seriously used that it might turn into a really troublesome situation.

What I would be using now was the fire bullet magic, brid. It didn’t have to be fire, it seems that the same kind of magic of other elements is also called brid. A basic attack magic or so she told me.

A low ranked magic that could be used for ignition but even though this place was big it was still a cave.

If it becomes a hell fire you could die from oxygen deprivation or from the heat. I didn’t understand the structure of magic so I didn’t feel like trying it.

I was in half doubt if it would come out or not but they say you have to try to know so…

“Brid!”

In a second.

From my surroundings something hard to define, a ‘sensation’ was flowing out of my body.

In front of my extended right hand, a flame that looked like a cotton in fire was created.

That fire stopped there for a moment and then while shaking, it disappeared.

“Ooooh~! Is this magic?!” (Makoto)

My voice grew excited.

“Yeah, that is the initial stage of when you activate brid. To think you would be able to activate it at the first try” (Ema)

Ema that was instructing me, was impressed and praised me. A big part of it might be because I could understand the incantation language (temporal name).

I see~ this is what they call magic~♫

For one to do it one has to try, or at least that is what someone told me when I extended my hand. With this it’s proved.

To think the day would come when I can use magic!

In a game it’s the standard but for it to really happen~

Ufuuuu, ufufufufufu

I began laughing spontaneously.

“Imagine that fire as a clear image of a ball and then picture it impacting your objective to shoot it. That would be the finished state of brid” (Ema)

The voice of Ema’s instructions cooled me down from my trip.

I see, if you are talking about a fire ball you would obviously need to throw it for it to be proper. To shape your fire as a ball with the image of it… Does it mean that brid is the summoning of fire?

Well for now let’s leave that aside.

“I see~ then then” (Makoto)

With a good mood I mutter a short aria (incantation) of brid.

The flowing out of something. This is most likely maryoku (magic power). Certainly, I now clearly understand why Ema told me that instead of just understanding, trying it out is a lot faster.

Even with the explanation I was blank. Now I sort of understand this maryoku that is supposed to be all around the world.

The fire appears once more.

By controlling this.

I form it into a ball and…

The fire, without disappearing, it flickers. When I imagine it the size of a baseball ball, the flickering becomes stronger and smoothly comes a spherical shape.

“Impressive, to do it to this point with just what I said” (Ema)

The surprise that Ema gave off is also pleasant.

Then she exchanged looks with the orcs in the cave and they all gathered to a side of the wall. The orcs were pretty big and seem likes they are a race that boast in physical strength.

The distance is 5-6m.

The girl looked at me and nodded so I point the fire ball at a rock.

Then strongly picturing ‘hitting the middle’ I order it to fly off.

It flew off at the speed of a person throwing it, going straight and then hitting.

Inside the cave, a shock and hot wind occur. Well, it was actually not that much. Calling it hot wind was too much. It was more like a lukewarm wind.

The rock scatters and loses it shape. It seems to have quite the power. That is not just an empty spell reassures me.

“With this I have learned brid right? Ema” (Makoto)

“T-That’s right” (Ema)

Her way of speaking returned to shaky. It seems like I did something pretty impressive.

“I was actually just thinking of teaching you to make a simple light and then go for spell image training or stuff like that but…” (Ema)

It looks like I skipped quite a lot of steps. Then that means I can already use magic my magic as a light?!

Oh? Magic is fun. It looks like it will be fun.

A subject I love has increased by one now.

Moreover, maybe it’s because I am still learning but, this is fun~♫

“Oh? Teach me teach me. I don’t mind if you just tell me the incantation. Teach me a whole lot more” (Makoto)

I was cheery right now.

“Ah, yes. Then, I will put them all together at a later time. Anyways Makoto-sama, your maryoku perception is okay now?” (Ema)

“A, I can slightly feel it. It is that thing that flows out whenever you use a magic right?” (Makoto)

“E~ that’s right. As expected, you’re learning ability is on a genius level” (Ema)

“Well, I am the type that understands when I think it in my head but it is like Ema said. I understood that it is convenient to try it out first” (Makoto)

It was truly like that. Really, Ema would be a nice sensei (teacher).

“Then can you grasp that it is also inside your own body?” (Ema)

“N?” (Makoto)

I try concentrating as she told me.

As always, the way to use the power that Tsuki-sama has given me is still a complete mystery.

But certainly.

It may be because of the effects of using magic, I can sense that a different power is flowing through my body.

It smells just like what is all around.

This is my own maryoku.

It’s a pretty ambiguous feeling. It felt like dipping in water and being soaked.

If it’s like that in my whole body, I don’t really know.

“Yeah, there is. So this is my maryoku” (Makoto)

“Having that much physical strength and to be able to master magic so easily. Makoto-sama might be suited for a magic swordsman job” (Ema)

“Job?” (Makoto)

Heyhey, this world is more game-like than I originally thought.

Does it also have job corrections or unique abilities as well?

“Eh~ then your level must be pretty high” (Ema)

Level she says.

Uh?

With this I feel I must change my way of seeing this world.

Is this like an RPG? Then that ‘Liz’ something must have given me exp. It didn’t seem like it dropped gold though.

“Uh… who knows? I don’t know myself” (Makoto)

In the time we were coming here I had introduced myself to Ema and had explained about my economic situation and many other things.

Honestly, I said a lot of lies about me.

If I told her the truth, Ema would surely think I am a sad person with brain problems.

When I woke up I was already here.

And for some reason my memories are fuzzy. Well, it is true that I have no memories of this world so it wouldn’t be that much of a lie.

I feel bad for deceiving a nice orc but to think it would help at this moment.

“If it’s just the level we can probably figure it out” (Ema)

She took out a piece of paper.

“What is this?” (Makoto)

“It’s a paper that can tell the strength of someone. Well, it somewhat does. A hyuman dropped it a long time ago”

Hyuman. Eh, isn’t that a person?!

Now that she says it, it’s not human but hyuman over here.

“Eh~ what do we do with this?” (Makoto)

Well, for now it doesn’t matter. Let’s have my level measured first.

“Grab it please” (Ema)

“Hoi” (Makoto)

I grab it like she told me to. It was white but the moment I grabbed it, it became blue. A light blue to be more precise.

“Ara, it can’t possibly be” (Ema)

Ema was wondered by it. Is it a weird color?

All the other ones that Ema had presented me and told about me defeating the Liz were all here and had a puzzled expression as well.

“What? Is it a strange color?” (Makoto)

“Ummm…” (Ema)

“Umu, tell me” (Makoto)

I am prepared. After all it’s only telling me a number. It’s not like it would change anything~

“Level 1” (Ema)

Uuuuh…

Right~ I have to ask about the hyumans~♫

—-

Author Note:

With the power of the goddess, Makoto-kun is able to understand the words of incantations.

The words that should sound like ‘askljfahsdklga’ to him they sound like ‘light be born’ and is able to activate it.

It’s an effect that not even the goddess knew would happen.





Chapter 5 - Unaware that it was cruel


N~ what a refreshing morning.

From the white surfaced rocky mountain I feel a fresh wind flow on me.

Well, I will give up on being surprised by my own superhuman specs. When I am explaining to someone I will just tell them what I have seen. Is it normal that this is not a refreshing wind but a freezing gale?

For the me that can already sense the maryoku in the air, the way I see the world has changed and I feel ‘refreshed’ though.

Now, I have been confirmed that I am a level 1.

That is strange.

If I was a high level from the start then I would understand why I wouldn’t level up by defeating the Liz but…

If I am a level 1 it should go up. Or is that dog really weak?

Ema-san also witnessed me defeating it in that fight so, is it because it was a surprise attack?

N~ on top of my existence being a cheat, the concept of level doesn’t properly apply to me.

Even though I feel a bit sad about it I am very calm.

“Then, shall I do it”

I headed to the gate guard-san and requested him to pass onto Ema something.

A letter.

Its incredible right? To think that not only talk but I could also write it.

I could perfectly read and write.

Cheat banzai. I have learned to respect bugs a bit. Now that it has come to this I can’t help but wonder if the other heroes are almighty or something.

With this if I reach a human settlement I feel that I could gain money by doing trading between humans and mamono.

I didn’t write that much for the content.

I am going to see if I can do something about that whatever God.

I will most likely not return unscathed, so don’t worry about me and just return to the village. Thanks.

Is how it slightly went in the contents. There was some small talk and explanations as well though.

I didn’t have any intention to return to the cave again.

In the end not only did she teach me magic, I was also able to obtain a map of the area around here.

After talking to that God I plan to go straight to the human settlement.

There seems to be a strange place where people that have obtained rare materials by traveling all over the world and people that pursuit knowledge gather.

There is still quite the distance to the cave.

Anyways, to arrive I think with my fastest speed (counting the time I have already travelled) it would take one week, if something happens on the way it would take maybe 10 days.

In the way there were a number of race settlements (all mamono without exception). I can speak with them so it didn’t become a battle all the time.

In terms of food it should be fine for now. I was able to go for 3 days without eating after all.

If I go with my intuition I think I would be fine even with 5 days. I don’t want to do that though. For the orcs, the food they gave me must have been important for them too. I have to eat it carefully.

While thinking those things I circumvent a rocky mountain and head for the conspicuously tall mountain. God Mountain huh.

In reality I wasn’t that preoccupied about that mamono or God called Shen.

Because there was something that worried me more than that.

Aside from the sacrifices, that there was no one who had seen Shen is the first thing that got me wondering. Because that meant that no one alive has met with him.

And then the fact that the sacrifice must go through the trouble of travelling the desert all alone was weird.

Because if she can’t reach her destination there was no point in the sacrifice.

That the sacrifice reaches the several safe points to ‘purify the body’ she has already done her duty. Is what they told me but.

What is with that logic? Isn’t there already no point in the sacrifice?

Because in reality, Ema was almost going to become food to a Liz after all.

That’s right, and that Liz.

That mamono seems to be in all parts of the world but it seems that one was quite far away from the area it should be inhabiting.

And it seems they normally hunt in groups.

Then, that situation where Ema gets attacked is just too weird.

I can certainly feel someone trying to slowly destroy the village of highland orcs from the conversations I have had with Ema.

But is that the will of that so called Shen?

I feel a third party involved in this. Or it could even be an internal affair between the highland orcs.

Those two possibilities swirled in my mind.

If they just wanted to destroy it then the sacrifice system sounds stupid. Because they could use the mist and in just a few years it would go down after all.

“Slowly huh” (Makoto)

I feel that is the key point of the issue.

I think there is meaning in taking their time.

If Shen wanted something else aside from the sacrifice it would have certainly requested it on top of the sacrifices.

So if there is an existence that is looking for time then that means it doesn’t have to do with Shen itself.

A third party, or a rebellion huh.

It may be me jumping to conclusions. It could even be completely different from what I thought. That guy is not a person after all.

It’s not certain that it would have the same thinking pattern of a human. If I take that into account, my basis would all crumble.

But in my current situation, since I don’t have enough material to go on I decided to follow that line of thinking.

If it becomes a fight then let it become a fight.

There may even be a part of me that wants that to happen.

Magic, maryoku.

It’s true that I want to utilize them.

There are many other things I want to learn as well but I had to resolve this before Ema departed so.

Actually the magic to create light I secretly heard the incantation from the gate guard so I have already learnt it!

Morals? Aside from the list of magic I have gotten, I need to increase my repertoire of magic a way or another.

“I should try it out now. To try it when the real fight begins would be a bit…” (Makoto)

The first will be at full power.

I don’t know how exhausting it would be. Then I should try it at least once.

—

Now that that’s decided.

I should prepare everything first.

Whispering lowly I made a flame brid the same size as last night. Making it in a ball I throw it wherever. Success.

Good.

Let’s do it.

I relaxed my body and with prudence I chant an aria, pouring all of my energy while picturing a ‘strong flame’. But I chant it inside my mind.

And I try to whisper it to the brid. Number 1 thing I wanted to try. If I can use it without saying it.

Success. I was able to make a condensed and flickering deep crimson flame that was many times stronger than the one last night.

I am glad. If I tried to do this in the cave without having the image of a ball first it would have become a disaster. Most likely not only me but all my surroundings would be caught on fire.

Now then, a target.

In the path to the mountain called God Mountain, at the foot of the mountain just further ahead I could see a gate like thing. That should do fine. The distance from here is more than a hundred meters. I should be grateful for my out of the world eyesight.

Things I want to try, number 2. I do archery.

Last night I also imagined ‘hitting in the middle’ to make the fire ball fly out and hit.

So I was wondering if I could make a bow and an arrow and shoot it just like that ball.

And while I’m at it I want to know how flexible can the brid be.

That’s right.

I do a seiza (a Japanese formal way of sitting) as I do in archery club before I hold the bow.

Finishing preparing my mind I begin to concentrate.

If i start by doing this first, i would know the results of what i’m gonna do.

This is something that my friends in the club ask me a lot when we are preparing our bows. Why are you beginning from the sitting part? Because it gives you confidence in hitting the middle?

If you ask me why then I do have a memory which makes me smile bitterly. That I am like ‘this’ is no surprise. I was doing archery with the objective of training my body.

At first when I hit the target I was happy. But that happiness began fading as it became easier to.

But with technique there is a limit to how precise you can be.

At first, to increase my accuracy I challenged many things.

I endeavored myself by closing my eyes and calming down. Many number of times I simulated my gesture of when I hit the target.

My stance and posture, my every move and action in archery I continued to concentrate on it.

By the time I noticed the sensei told me I could use the dojo anytime I wanted, and in exchange I stopped sitting with people of my same generation.

Now that I think about it that must have been sensei’s concern for me.

For the other people to not get weird out by my strangeness.

After long.

When I enter the dojo, to change my mood I continued doing it. Sitting in seiza, the moment I face my target I have already pictured myself hitting it. And in reality it came true.

When I entered high school and joined the archery club.

The childishness around me brought a smile to me. Then I had realized my own abnormality.

When I asked for advice from the sensei she didn’t know that I was in archery club and was really surprised.

The moment I said it was because I liked using the bow my sensei began laughing in amazement.

Sensei must have decided on something at that moment. She told me she would teach me archery.

The actual combat archery that has been passed down in sensei’s family was an art I had no idea of. It was filled with techniques that were crafted for many different situations.

But even with that I still didn’t change my concept of ‘hitting in the middle’

After 1 year of learning, sensei told me that with this it was over and tested me out. And I passed.

Second year of senior high school. It wasn’t that long ago.

I had gotten the position of vice-president of the club. Following the instructions of sensei I didn’t enter a single tournament. The senpais nominated me as vice-president as I didn’t have that many opportunities to use the bow.

Well, I felt a bit happy that I was being relied upon by the president though. Just like that I concentrated on teaching my kohai (underclassmen) and was enjoying my school life until I was shoved this crazy talk about another world.

When I think about it, I was quite abnormal huh. The kohai that called me by saying ‘Senpai senpai’ was really nice.

Oh, there is no helping that I feel homesick. Reality reality. Good, my fire is still stable.

Well, to get serious after long.

My aim is that Shinto-like gates’ middle.

By habit I place my left hand as if holding a bow, my extended hand placed horizontal to my face just a bit behind of it.

I try to simulate setting the arrow on the bow. If I get burned while taking the ball of fire in my hand I will throw it away.

Now show it to me, the power of my all out magic.

I realize the arrow. It was only an image inside of my mind but the ball of fire slowly curled.

And in a moment it had become a cylinder shape like an arrow and impacted the gate. A piercing fire arrow.

“It’s a success. There is no problem with its speed” (Makoto)

This wasn’t a speed of someone throwing it, it flew exactly like if it was shot out by something. It would be good to train with it, though it was the same as having a bow in hand. This is a big step forward. It’s reassuring.

“Huh?” (Makoto)

The arrow didn’t disappear, staying pierced on the gate and began to distort. Like if trying to resist, it got conspicuously bigger wriggling and distorting.

The fire arrow exploded.

Along with the gate.

With one second lag, the hot wind blew against me. It was fairly hot. To the point I hesitate to breath. Is that what they mean to incinerate completely?!

“This is bad, the gate disappeared” (Makoto)

Well it’s okay if it’s just the gate. Thinking that I began to walk and saw an unbelievable thing.

Something moved.

If in the vicinities of the gate there were living beings…

This is bad.

It must be an incredibly awful situation over there with that direct hit.

If it’s moving I may be able to make it in time.

I can say that I didn’t have the intention to hurt anyone but there is no other way. In this situation if I make it in time I should return to the highland orcs cave to ask for medical treatment.

Anyways, I should go to the scene of the crime.

I run like if blowing away all my cold sweat away.

—-

“You bastard, what are you?!”

“Uwaaa, this is already…” (Makoto)

It’s already too late. There were 4 living-looking creatures charred.

And another one had its half blown away. How did he talk?

It must have incredible vitality.

“Ah well~ aren’t you full of vigor?” (Makoto)

Because he was talking with me so normally I felt my tension going down.

“Soon I will be dying!”

“Right, of course” (Makoto)

“Those bastard highland orcs, are you telling me that they had noticed the plan of us, the demon race? Or are they intending on killing a dragon?!”

“Stop! Stoppu da! You, don’t talk anymore!” (Makoto)

“Kukuku, my life cannot be saved anymore. Let me talk till the end”

Well yeah you won’t be able to be saved but the one who did it was me though?!

You are making a lot of dangerous looking flags stand one after the other you know?!

What kind of stupid thing is this?!

“If they had just cooperated with us as told the problem would have been solved and we would have sum them up to our ranks but to think that they had such a monster like you!”

Uooooooo!!!

The intervention of the third party was behind the scenes?! I just hit them!

“Well you have destroyed even the gate. That guy is one that draws conclusion fast. With this the rage of Shen will become reality”

“Hey wait?! Will it piss off Shen that much to destroy the gate?!” (Makoto)

This is bad this is bad this is bad. It’s the pattern of entering a boss fight without even going to the save point.

If I select the conversation command. ‘This is not the time for that!’ Is what I feel it would say.

It will definitely come!!

“A mighty dragon race, in its own territory, will see its gate destroyed. Kukukuku serves you right!!!”

After saying all he wanted to say he disappeared like sand. He must have died believing his own words.

The other 4 bodies had already disappeared. Did they wither the same way?

And then, a tremor.

Furthermore a cloud that was covering the mountain was lowering in altitude.

A cloud, no, if I think of its attributes it would be mist.

Anyways, it was a strange phenomenon.

I will die!

I came with the intention of conversing and then after shaking hands I would return happily back.

No. I didn’t think that it would be such a dangerous thing that was able to make an unnatural phenomenon occur!

I will be buried then killed and then violated?! That the order is weird?!

My prediction was correct and yet! Why did it become like this?!

The bad guys were the devil race though! The third party dude!

“Shen-sama, please listen to what I have to say!” (Makoto)

I shouted as so to the mist that had already lowered by metres of its original location.

At that place there was something even I recognized. With an enraged facial expression showing its fangs, a dragon-sama had descended.

I could clearly tell that it would bite me to death at any moment though!

Anyways…

“Shen isnt a giant clam?!!!!” (Makoto)

In another world my own knowledge doesn’t work.

I don’t want to pass on like this.





Chapter 6 - Uncertainty, the first fight is a boss


Fangs that would easily crush a human being were coming right in front of my eyes.

Because I have a superhuman body I can stop it. Come ahead and try.

…

Like hell I would say that! There is nothing in this world more unbelievable than me!!

This is a set thing, no, a reality would not be an exaggeration!

In panic I jump behind it.

The dragon, without minding that its bite had missed it began to draw near me again. Another biting attack!

A snake flying in midair, now that I think about it it’s really hard to predict its movements?!

“What?!” (Shen)

Turning my body I jump to the sides.

Safe! I am still alive.

I don’t let the dragon out of my sight. By seeing the size of the giant mouth that can easily crunch me down, I am able to somehow determine the size of its head.

I try to figure out how is its whole body.

What, so it’s like many times bigger than a bullet train huh. I am not sure of its length though.

…

I’m going to die!!

What a stupid turn of events, supervisor!! Hey bug, come out bug!!

You should certainly have a legendary weapon or a legendary tool lying over there right?!

The mist has finally come all the way down here.

I can’t clearly see my surroundings nor my own hands.

I can’t even see where I am standing.

There is such a big dragon so close to me, yet I can’t even see its figure.

Moreover, if the dragon moves, the mist should also undulate with it. But the mist stays calm, just staying in place.

The one creating that mist is certainly, that dragon Shen huh. No fair.

To top it off, its presence.

To not even be able to feel that is just too weird. This mist is not a normal mist after all.

Disadvantageous, this is an incredibly disadvantageous situation.

Chills run down the nape of my neck.

I run at that moment and then turn my head to look behind.

A giant mouth was there.

“Is it fair that I can’t feel its presence this much?!” (Makoto)

I don’t have space to return blows.

When you are fighting an opponent with a giant body, the first thing one must think is the opening in its attacks and the time to get a blow in. It’s established that you must evade and defend every single blow that opponent does. Probably.

Anyways, the conclusion I have reached from all my action games and fighting games is that in this moments I should just calm down. In this kind of situation I can’t defend carelessly.

But I can’t see its body and it’s able to suddenly appear behind me and chomp. In that case I can’t even counter! What a shitty game method!

Like fighting a last boss in a new fighting game you got.

And moreover after that body like a snake, comes the head.

If I evade its attack that head would come right in front of me to chomp me. That’s why I can’t take that moment to get one hit to its body. And I don’t even know if there are claws in there as well.

What should I do?! What should I do?!

3 blue cards began to float inside of my head. Well, aren’t we pretty composed myself? Lets see.

You should just evade it with spirit and then get a hit in!

Then just clear away the mist, now go ahead and blow some wind!

The one who hits first wins! Attack randomly!



The first one seems impossible. My six sense is telling me that I can’t attack in that situation.

Second one. Call Zhuge Liang.

Third one. Lowering my attack strength and relying on speed to hit all over the place. Anyways I could throw fire balls all over the place and locate the enemy’s location. And in the location I confirm, I will shoot a fire arrow.

Yes, that’s it. The third one looks doable.

More like, with my head, that is the limit.

I just have to do it. In this close to zero distance, I don’t think I will be able to last long. If I fall into panic I will be hunt down.

~Shen POV~

Enveloping him in the mist, I will make my opponent conscious of my attacks and then drag him into ‘Asora’ and kill him.

I am, in the dragons’ ranks, one of the most superior ones. I am called ‘invincible’

But the reason of being invincible is because of my power ‘Asora’

Using my mist as an intermediary, I am able to drag anything that my mist has seized into a world that I have created.

In that world I am able to limit magic, and I can bend the laws of physic.

For me to lose at that place is impossible. The me inside Asora is not my real body after all.

My body is in some way detached so even if I lose there, my real body will not be there anymore.

The moment I drag him there, I could just withdraw after all. In that situation I can one sidedly attack him.

In the past there has been no events where I haven’t been able to eliminate my enemy in Asora.

And I plan to do just that to the fool that destroyed my gate.

Before the mist arrived I bit two times, the moment it arrived I would just need to use it as an intermediary and take him away to Asora, with that it should be the end.

Yet.

I couldn’t drag him away.

No matter how many times I try, it felt like forcefully trying to put something big inside a small hole.

Was the door I made too small?

Then I will just have to hunt him down inside this mist.

I tried attacking him from behind.

But he somehow was able to detect me and evade it.

What an incredibly troublesome hyuman. But with this I can’t just kill him.

I have to check why I am unable to drag him to Asora.

How he is able to evade me in this mist that is supposed to wane all senses. Is that just a coincidence?

If this continues, my invincibility will begin to sway.

If the one who instigated him to do this is another superior dragon then I have to certainly settle this score.

I have only been sleeping in this extremity of the world so I don’t know of any negativity I have instilled though.

If its just because it envies my tittle of invincible then I won’t forgive it. No matter what enemy it is I will bring it down.

I inspect the state of the hyuman. On my side, I can see him clearly.

Is that a fire ball? He is throwing them here and there.

Too bad for him, I have a resistance to elements. At that level I will be able to easily bear it.

This decision was wrong.

I began to circle my prey while being cautious of it. Of course I was reading the trajectory of the brids and evading them but.

One of them got me.

It hit my body.

It didn’t hurt one bit but, the mist surrounding me cleared slightly. My scaled body was now in clear sight.

It was a speed that could be said only took an instant.

The hyuman ,concentrating his maryoku,created immediately an abnormally condensed brid. And accurately pointed it at my body.

I tried to bend my body up to evade it but.

I couldn’t make it. In just an instant it came sharply to me as if it was an arrow and ‘pierced’ my body.

In my body that is resistant to fire the same brid that I shouldn’t feel the heat from and it was the same hyuman’s brid but.

It pierced me with an unbelievable speed, and exploded.

Tremendous heat and pain.

“Agyaaaaaa!!!!” (Shen)

Without noticing that the blast had cleared away most of the mist around.

I, in the first time of my life, had done the thing called scream.

My body, what has become of my body?!

Not noticing my own situation, the me at that time hurriedly checked the place that had received the attack.

The part that had received that atrocious attack had been half burned and gouge out.

The inside of my heart that had gone blank with amazement was soon filled with rage.

With bloodshot eyes I search for that hyuman!

This is not a prey anymore. He is not a prey that I should hunt, he is a sworn enemy I must destroy!

But at this moment I shouldn’t have grown anxious about my wound.

I shouldn’t have lost sight of him.

Searching for him, I had finally found him in my field of vision!

He was in a close blind spot of mine.

What is this, what is this, what is this thing!!

“Desperation Hand Thrust!” (Makoto)





Saying something I couldn’t understand well, he drives his fist into my cheek.

Feeling like a hammer had hit me, the insides of my head felt like stars were whirling. This is not the physical strength of a hyuman! Its like an Ogre or a Giant, or maybe even stronger than that?!

“If that isn’t enough then! Backhanded Fist!” (Makoto)





Moreover, he attacks me in the same place!!

It was not in the same proportion as the last one!

It’s an outrageous power. Not only my face, all of my body is sent in the opposite direction.

But a reward has come after all the damage!

With this I will be able to once again slip into my mist.

I correct myself. This hyuman is dangerous, he is clearly not normal. There is no doubt that he is under the divine protection of someone.

As expected its one of the superior dragons? He is a hyuman, this kind of strengthening is just unbelievable.

Then that means… a god?!

That ever changing Goddess?!

If its that then it wouldn’t be that impossible. But this hyuman has the appearance of a normal person.

He doesn’t look like a person who would be able to gain the affection of that Goddess.

Then who in the world. I will not back down from the pain, this is my first time getting hit in the face. The burned part in my body still hurts.

Just what!

?!?!?!?!?!

“Why is the place I am in…?” (Shen)

Now, in my right side. He was… he was there.

No way. No matter what, inside the mist it should be impossible. It’s true that it has become thinner but for him to be able to…

“Now that it has come to this I will use my certain kill skill…” (Makoto)

His hand began to grow red. He said a really dangerous word. W-What is he… trying to do?

“Frog Jump UPPER!!” (Makoto)



Shoryuken! He drives his fist onto my chin.

Then.

“Become a STAAAARR!!!” (Makoto)

Half of my body was sent flying by his fist. And just like that my body crumbled in the opposite direction.

In my consciousness that I could barely sustain.

Even if I hadn’t perished yet, this was an overwhelmingly dangerous dilemma.

What a humiliation.

I will not care about the methods I utilize. I understand this well.

In my collapsed state, I pretend that I have lost consciousness and begin to search for his location inside the mist.

I silently breathe a mist that is used for mirages.

Even without Asora, my powers are not that simple.

My true nature is mirage. I can peek into the memories of my target, after that I am able to reproduce illusions that my enemy wants or doesn’t want.

If I make a barrier of deep mist and pour in my power I can make the illusion even more real to the point that it’s no different from reality.

For some reason I can’t drag this guy to Asora.

Then taking this sudden situation into account I will just trap him inside this mist and ‘keep him’ until he dies.

It’s no good if it’s an illusion he doesn’t want. There might be problems if he struggles.

Showing him an illusion he wants, inside that happiness he will die of starvation. Hyuman, no matter how strengthened you are, with 10 days you should definitely die.

If 10 days is not enough 1 month, I can even go on for 1 year.

With my new resolution I search for the hyuman.

To think I would have to play dead and that I had to choose a way of killing that was like trying to curry favor.

With his back straightened, the man breathes.

But this is just him pretending. The mist around him is telling me that that man has not lowered his guard down. What a through attitude.

And slowly edging, he checks his surroundings. And without a single bit of negligence, he went ‘out of the mist’.

This time surely, his cautiousness will slacken. It’s something normal. There is no doubt that ‘he went out of the mist’, or so he thinks!

He didn’t chant an aria!

Now. The place he is in is a scenery of ‘out of the mist’ that I projected but its still ‘inside the mist’.

I can do it!

I open my eyes! And the hyuman jumps out in a single breath. As expected. To think he can move to that extend.

But you are too late.

“This is the end” (Shen)





With flooding emotions I create a square space wrapped up by a barrier of mist.

—-

Images taken from Tsuki ga Michibiku manga that is translated by /AK/ scans





Chapter 7 - The dream that the dragon shows me


“N? This is… the clubs archery dojo?” (Makoto)

The inside of my mind is not clear. Why, am I here?

Suddenly… not, right?

If I am inside the dojo its club activities. The strange uneasiness disappears as I reorder my thoughts.

I am still wearing my dogi (TN: uniform for training used in japan).

In my hands I had my bow.

It’s the place I was supposed to be huh. Certainly, after sending everyone off, I trained alone in the bow.

This is no good. My mind went out somewhere in the low time that I can remain here.

“I feel that the captain will get mad at me again” (Makoto)

To change my mood I sit down and decide to go with ‘hit in the middle’

Fire. Hit.

There is no opponent.

Continuing, another arrow. Hit.

The target in front of me is hit by my arrow. I take out the bamboo arrow and the shot arrow is remaining.

“Un, my condition is good” (Makoto)

Now that I think about it, it’s soon the time to change positions huh.

“The captain will most like be Higashi. I wonder who will become the vice-captain” (Makoto)

Mu. Again. My heart is noisy.

For my ‘hit in the middle’ to go far off is not something that happens often.

Why is it?

I place my bow aside for now and sit in seiza.

“Vice-captain. Vice-captain… was, me?” (Makoto)

I find the reason of my uneasiness.

What an incoherent thing.

I don’t remember wanting to be one though. Was I unexpectedly an ambitious person?

Then I should have aimed for captain at the very least. I am so small.

More like, the changing position has not occurred ‘yet’.

The senpais’ every year, before bon festival vacation, will announce the next captain and vice-captain. Probably inside the group they had decided this a long time ago though.

That is supposed to be the custom.

I look around the dojo.

I see a shadow that seemed to have slightly moved. But, when I try to look again there is no one. An optical illusion?

Well if no one has heard about it, then its fine though.

“fu…” (Makoto)

My feelings calm down.

The third shot was right in the middle. It pierced the arrow before it. Somehow, though.

Let’s finish this for today.

Unexpectedly deciding to finish ahead of time, I left with slight regret. If my condition was good I would have continued.

In my field of vision I see my tools receptacle.

I find there a personal bow that I am used to see.

That’s right, before finishing I would always use that one at least once. Why is it that I almost forgot to even do that?

An anxiety that drove uneasiness on me.

Holding the bow I pull the string. Compared to the one before, this one offers more resistance. However, that for me is more comfortable.

“Fu!!” (Makoto)

I unintentionally let out a voice from this sensation I haven’t felt for a long time. I have done this every day and yet why do I feel like this?

The arrow I shot in a place considerably far from the target, pierces it.

Damn. Even though I was always trying to miss it.

“No choice. Though taking it out is quite troublesome” (Makoto)

Breathing a sigh I head to recover the arrow, then after ending the troublesome job I put everything in order and finish changing.

Changing into my uniform again I finish inspecting and head for the exit.

In that place, a single girl was there.

—

“Senpai, thanks for your hard work today"

The one who said this set phrase was my kohai.

I recall that she is the girl who joined late to our club. She is a really zealous person and has already reached the level of the new recruits. Rather, she has surpassed them.

After all, there aren’t many who have experience in archery before middle school. The one with experience says so.

“Ah, Hasegawa huh. What’s wrong? Did you stay here until now?” (Makoto)

“A, yes. I, before vacations, there was something I must… you know…” (Hasegawa)

“N? If it’s to hit the target you have already done it right?” (Makoto)

If I’m not mistaken, she told me she had such a goal.

But If I remember right, she has already achieved her goal in July, when she hit the head of the target.

In my eyes it was a fluke shot. And it wasn’t in the middle but just a hit.

Though, even if it was a fluke, it meant that she had reached the level where she could accomplish that. Her improvement was fast. At least she is a lot faster than me.

“No, it’s not that, a~… Don’t you know?!” (Hasegawa)

“About what? I don’t know at all. Aa, did you forget something?” (Makoto)

Hasegawa slightly droops her shoulders after hearing my words.

The girl hung her head down, her black hair that was tinted red by the light was swaying with the wind. Just like when I taught her about posture, her hair was put together in a side ponytail.

A pony tail will forever be one romance of us men, but a side tail also has a meaning to it.

Seeing the girl with a different style of hair, and helping me in a new thing I had though out, I unconsciously told her ‘it suits you’.

That she later faithfully always came in that same hairstyle made me remember the name of the girl.

The me who has short hair has not tried it before but with that hair of hers, doesn’t it hurt when she puts it up like that?

“Misumi-senpai” (Hasegawa)

The girl’s voice brings me back from my delusion mode.

“Un? What is it?” (Makoto)

If it’s some distress I have to help her resolve it. Of course, it has to be in the range of what I can do. As a senpai I want to show her my capacity.

“I have admired you for a long time. I like you. Please go out with me” (Hasegawa)

“??”

“??”

“??”

An incredible silence. Even though there should be miscellaneous sounds geez. I couldn’t feel or hear any of those.

… Yes?

What did this girl say?

Ihavealwaysadmiredyou?

Ilikeyou?

Pleasegooutwithme?

What am I even saying? I am not even that attractive. I want to say that the inside is but from the taste of people it would be faster to count them backwards. That kind of level.

Studying, well only in the subjects I like but I am regular at it.

Aside from archery, in physical ed. I am in the mid-top, no, right in the middle.

Moreover, the kohai in front of me is looking up to me, a bit, a bit!

A bit okay?!

However, in the club, especially this girl, shouldn’t have those kind of feelings for me though?

“Sen,pai?” (Hasegawa)

Timidly after the confession she raises up her lowered head. Hasegawa was looking at me fervently.

You have to look a bit more up, te! Now is not the time for that.

“Nonono. Wait, wait please” (Makoto)

I picture the situation. To be able to comprehend the present scenario I have to ask a number of questions to the girl. First, from the most important point.

“You, what you said the first day when you registered to the club, what was that?” (Makoto)

“That?” (Hasegawa)

“You certainly declared even though I didn’t asked, that you already had a boyfriend didn’t you? What was that? Are you telling me you already broke up with him?!” (Makoto)

“That was, before I entered the club, my friends told me of Ibuki-senpai. I thought I had to have some protection so I unintentionally…” (Hasegawa)

“It was a lie?!” (Makoto)

“Yes” (Hasegawa)

What encouraging words! I mean, to think her friends would be worried to the point of being cautious when she decided to join, all because of the bad friend of mine, Ibuki (tears)

“But you, when I tried to correct your posture you tried to hit me with the bow going ‘Hiaaaa!!!’ or something like that and screamed quite loudly” (Makoto)

That’s why for the sake of her not misunderstanding, I kept in mind to have the slightest amount of skinship with her.

At first I used the method of asking one of the girl members to teach her what I told her, but.

It would take the hands of double the people so I decided it was extremely pointless and stopped it.

To fall in love because of that?! No, that is impossible! If that was it I would already have a girlfriend by now!

How unpopular I am? Well, it is to the point that I want to seal it in my dark history. That’s how unpopular I know I am.

If I say it one by one I would end up standing here all day so I would like to refrain from it!

“That is, because you touched me so suddenly? So I unintentionally. Senpai came from behind me when my heart wasn’t prepared yet so…” (Hasegawa)

“A~I see, I am sorry. Hey, Hasegawa” (Makoto)

“Yes” (Hasegawa)

“I am sorry, I have no intention of going out with you. This may be old but I want to begin dating when I fall in love. That’s why if you suddenly tell me that I can’t accept it” (Makoto)

This opportunity may not come twice but, ‘I will like her after I date’, that kind of thinking I have some opposition to it.

If I love someone I will confess from my side and then if she accepts, I we will date. That’s how I like it.

I do think it’s stupid. Ibuki also tells me that a lot. Then if there is a girl that likes you and confesses to you, you will wait until you have the same feelings for her to confess and refuse all those girls? Is what he said.

‘What is wrong with falling in love while dating?’ those words he told me, I thought they were correct and I understand them but, no matter what, my feelings just won’t accept it. I am a fool.

“I don’t want!” (Hasegawa)

“Eeee?!” (Makoto)

What is with this turn of events?

This is not in my dictionary.

“Then its fine if it’s just a testing time! After that please fall in love with me! Is that no good senpai? Ma… Makoto-san!” (Hasegawa)

Bufuwu!!!

What is with this god-like development? Game? What kind of love game is this?

Even with opportunism this is too much! This is way too convenient for the boy. With what taken into account did things become like this?!

I slightly panic.

“H-Hey Hasegawa! You, is that fine with you?!” (Makoto)

“Please call me Nukumi! Or is it that you… you actually already have another girl in your heart?!” (Hasegawa)

“No there is no such thing but…” (Makoto)

It was a little violent tone. To be pressured all the time is something like this huh.

Furthermore when I try to think for a bit and lower my head, a body that was developing well which I could tell even with her uniform on, I couldn’t just rudely look at it.

My sight was shifting to her breast!

In the end I had to talk with her while staring directly at her face.

“It’s okay right?! A test, if after that you reject me, I won’t cry so!” (Hasegawa)

That’s a lie! You will definitely cry with the current flow.

Uuhh…

I can’t reject her.

“Well, if you are really fine with it. But I want to hear one thing first. Why me? It’s sad for me to say it but, what did you fall for?” (Makoto)

“The appearance of senpai using the bow just like now” (Hasegawa)

“You were watching?!” (Makoto)

Nod.

“The first time I saw it, when you stayed last I would always watch you” (Hasegawa)

“… Then?” (Makoto)

“I thought it was incredibly beautiful. That moment, not only in the club, without having any interest in anything else, I practiced with the bow every day. To enter here I tried my very best so when I passed my objective suddenly vanished” (Hasegawa)

“??” (Makoto)

“Then, seeing senpai’s figure a number of times I…” (Hasegawa)

“You were watching me a number of times?!” (Makoto)

I didn’t even notice. What a blunder.

“I began thinking that I wanted to know more of this person. That’s why I entered the archery club” (Hasegawa)

So it was from the very beginning. To think my private enjoyment after training had been seen and moreover by someone who wasn’t even a member. From now restrain, can’t do it. Let’s just be more alert of my surroundings from now on.

“To tell you after I joined was… no good anymore so” (Hasegawa)

“I, I see. Thanks Hasegawa. I’m a little happy” (Makoto)

I stop the girl who tried to continue, with a word of gratitude. She felt something for me after watching me using the bow, this is the first time I have heard that from a girl from my own generation after all.

“Nu.Ku.Mi des!” (Hasegawa)

“I’m sorry. This isn’t something that can be fixed with effort. For now please forgive me. And for today just go back home. It’s late and dark already after all. The station is close to here so you should be fine right?” (Makoto)

It would be fine if I said that I would accompany her there but as expected I couldn’t say it.

“A, yes! Somehow, after saying it I feel refreshed. Senpai, in the summer vacations let’s play a lot okay?” (Hasegawa)

“Yeah. I am looking forward to it” (Makoto)

I wave at her. Suddenly I feel a creaking and uncomfortable feeling. I felt as if something inside me cried out loud.

I have been confessed ‘to’ for the first time in my life, an incredibly important event after all. In the middle of seeing her off, to feel a bit odd is not strange.

Well I haven’t ‘done it’ myself. For now.

“Wa~ I was surprised. To think this would happen to me in my life” (Makoto)

Putting on my shoes I decide to finally leave the dojo.

“You are leaving pretty late Misumi”

At that place.

“Higashi” (Makoto)

The classmate that I think will most likely become the captain.

With her back leant to the outer wall she looked at me with a pretty awkward expression.

—-

“It is a bit surprising. Misumi has begun walking as well” (Higashi)

“Y, yeah” (Makoto)

Me and Higashi Azuma. From the gate of the school I accompany Higashi on the way home.

Without doubts she saw the life changing event that happened just now.

I felt that Higashi was unusually nervous, no doubt about it.

At this kind of moments what should I talk about, I seriously don’t know.

“I didn’t think I would happen to witness such a scene. When I am watching the guys from the club it is not something impossible but…” (Higashi)

Spilling a bitter smile Higashi looks at me. Her eye height should be the same as mine yet I felt like it was a bit higher right now. I am still in my teens so I still have room right?!

“But, I am sorry! I didn’t expect such a situation to happen to you! It’s not like I came here knowing it would happen so I’m truly sorry!” (Higashi)

“What’s bothering you is incredibly rude. Though it hurts that I can’t say anything against that!” (Makoto)

Mu~ I groan.

Now that I think about it.

Higashi must have something to talk to me about if she is waiting for me here. She is not the type to peak on others conversations so.

She has a candid boy-like personality. It’s not only because of that but it makes it easy to talk with her.

It’s an envious type that makes her popular to both men and women.

Even if I say so, her body is not thin but has a healthy looking style and makes me think that she looks womanly. Leaving the precocious-looking Hasegawa aside. I implore you, please share some height with me.

Well it’s not like being bigger is better.

Her excellent style and her proportions being in the proper place style gives her a passing mark is what I think.

Inside of me, Higashi is viewed as an attractive girl. If there was a ranking of the ideal girl friends, within the school she would without doubt be in the tops.

By the way, there exists a secret ane-sama ranking and she placed second. That there were quite a lot of third years participating as well is the terrifying part.

To make even the seniors yearn for her, hehe, let’s restrain here.

“Well, it’s okay. Then? Don’t you also have business with me?” (Makoto)

Umu? Wait a moment. That she also has some business, could it be?

I once again meet with the wrinkle. I can’t see it though.

“Well, yeah” (Higashi)

The voice of Higashi that seemed to have some hesitation. Her tone was also one level lower. Then is it what I thought?!

“Did you also see me while I was committing myself in ‘hitting the middle’?!” (Makoto)

“Ha?! What is it so suddenly? Well I have seen it though” (Higashi)

“Gupooo, I thought no one had seen it” (Makoto)

I was in agony. I was holding my head with both hands.

It was my secret time. For that reason I accepted to clean everything after everyone was gone!!

What a situation!!

Higashi is making a face like ‘what is it after so long’

I writhe even more!! I faint in agony!

“Well, occasionally. And it’s not like you closed up the dojo so there was no secret to begin with” (Higashi)

“But, the archery dojo is at the outskirts of the school you know? When the club activities finish and everyone goes home, there should be no one remaining?!” (Makoto)

“If someone forgot anything it would be busted in a second though” (Higashi)

“I properly make sure there is no such thing before I begin so there is no way” (Makoto)

“Why are you talking like a spoiled child? Even if there are no such things, there are persons that would come anyways thinking so right? More like, that is how it happened with me” (Higashi)

“Is your memory serving you right?!” (Makoto)

“Well I am a human after all” (Higashi)

Wu wu, I feel like I have been completely defeated.

“I will continue the conversation okay?” (Higashi)

The Higashi-san that looks like pitying me.

It’s okay, just continue what you wanted to say.

Surrendering, I nod. When I return home I will begin a new game. It would be good if it heals me.

“Today you see, before beginning the club activities. The senpais’ called me and told me if I wanted to be the next captain” (Higashi)

“And?” (Makoto)

What is she trying to tell me? More like, everyone thinks you are the number one candidate you know?

“And?! Can’t you have a bit more of a reaction than that?!” (Higashi)

“E?” (Makoto)

This time it was the turn of Higashi to get flustered. I wasn’t really trying to mess with her as I honestly answered her though. Because I could tell she was seriously speaking out.

In proportion to how bad my face is (That I am saying this feels really salty though) I am a black belt at reading the mood.

“Let me ask you in another way. Aside from you, who else can it be?” (Makoto)

“E, a, well that, umm, you maybe?” (Higashi)

There she suddenly shoots at me that is out of range.

“You know, I won’t be appearing in tournaments. I won’t be doing external matches, so what would happen to the top people of our club? Moreover, this club has always been succeeded by women” (Makoto)

That’s right. Aside from the fact that I won’t participate in matches, in our club for some reason the captain has always been a woman.

“You say that but I think you have the ability to overturn that though” (Higashi)

“Hey hey” (Makoto)

“Besides, the one that is most respected in the club is probably you” (Higashi)

“Hey hey hey!” (Makoto)

What is it, the Higashi today is unusually negative.

For a person that would cheerfully break a bamboo in two, for that girl, this is really unusual.

“It’s because those senpai don’t know true ability. I tried to recommend you but in the end they said that they want me to do it” (Higashi)

What kind of dangerous recommendation are you doing? That sort of discussion was not brought up to the other ane-samas so I was sure that would not happen though.

To think it was a paper thin chance. Live lazily lazily.

Is it my imagination, I could hear my cold sweat running down.

The two of us that were walking together are now in the middle of a long downhill. When we finish crossing this we arrive at the market area. There were lots of people passing by but we were the only ones who were returning from school at this time.

“Hey” (Higashi)

Higashi, saying that she turns her face to me.

When I turn to respond to her, she tightly holds both of my arms around the elbow with her two hands and Higashi turns my body to face her.

Of course, we face each other.

I felt that the strength of the two hands that held me had weakened a bit.

“Misumi. Would you please be the captain?” (Higashi)

“Higashi, I can’t do that. Just like how I thought of, everyone in the club also thinks that you would be the captain, we think you are able to” (Makoto)

“That, if Misumi just shows a round in front of everyone it should be fine! If you show them how you can pierce the previous arrow with another one they would all turn obedient!” (Higashi)

“Higashi!” (Makoto)

I was puzzled in what I should do but I shake off the hands of the girl that held me and conversely I take hold of both of her shoulders.

The body of the girl that was shaking slightly, the moment I held her she trembled heavily and then stopped. Her eyes seemed to grow slightly cloudy.

Sadly, I can’t choose the words that she wants to hear. That Higashi has the capacity to be the captain is clear after all. That’s why I have to give her self-confidence.

“This may sound mediocre but, I know that you can do it. The people around you will surely cooperate as well. No, I will make them do it! Anyhow, you, try doing it okay?” (Makoto)

“Really?” (Higashi)

Is she scared? I haven’t yelled at Higashi even once. More like, she was so excellent that there was no need to. A person that is fun to be beside with.

That’s right, this girl has never shown me her weak side. That’s why seeing the Higashi in front of me is a bit hard for me.

“Yeah, I assure you. Of course, I will be helping as well” (Makoto)

“Then, will you be the vice-captain?” (Higashi)

“A~ of course I wi- Ha?!” (Makoto)

“You will do it right?” (Higashi)

Was I set up?

Was I… used?

No, we are talking about Higashi. This must be how she really felt.

I feel that I can’t refuse at all. To refuse here is like trying to refuse the kings request and being caught in an infinite loop, that level of impossible!

“That’s cheap~ Yes yes, I will do it, vice-captain. In these long years to come, please take care of me, future leader” (Makoto)

“Heee~ then is it okay if I ask one more thing?” (Higashi)

With her still cloudy eyes she shows me a smile.

A creak. Again something is…

An alarm is ringing. And it’s even stronger than before. What is this?

“Hey, go out with me” (Higashi)

“A~ yes yes. Wait, waaaa?!” (Makoto)

“Aha! It’s good to try. Please take care of me, boyfriend~♫” (Higashi)

“Wa wa wa wa” (Makoto)

“What~ is it~?” (Higashi)

“Don’t ‘what is it?’ me! You were watching right?!” (Makoto)

The event where I was confessed to.

The answer of the uncool me and the ‘result’ of it.

“Yeah” (Higashi)

She gave me a really dull answer.

I don’t know, this kind of Higashi I have never seen it before. This is kind of ‘girly’ faced Higashi.

“But you are in a testing period with Hasegawa right? I don’t mind it you know?” (Higashi)

“Wa?!” (Makoto)

It’s like telling me I can two time.

That Higashi is? To the kohai that also confessed to me and is in the same club?

Creak, creak.

I felt a pain that was like if screwing inside my mind and the alarms that continued as if accompanying it.

This is wrong. This is not Higashi.

“This kind of thing never happened in reality!” (Makoto)

Again. The same feeling of being watched that I felt in the dojo. But there is something different!

“Don’t think that deeply about it. I and that girl are okay to just be tested. You can just freely taste us and then choose the one you like. I, if it’s Misumi I am okay with being second you know?” (Higashi)

With a refreshing face Higashi gently walks a step forward. To where I am. Her hands were placed on top of my chest. Did she bend her knees a little, her face closed on to my cheek.

Creak! Creak! Creak! Creak!

Yeah, it’s wrong!

The smell of Higashi’s hair instills a desire in me. But!!

This is wrong! It wasn’t ‘like’ this!

In reality.

In the memories inside of me!

It was something that had left a much more worse aftertaste.

Creak. The pain of the alarm weakens. In exchange, the surroundings began to wane. Is this the fault of the tears? No that’s not it!

It was a heavy memory but it was still an important one! It, It wasn’t a stupid thing like this!!

Hasegawa and Higashi.

They were stubborn, but they weren’t that resilient about it! The two people that I had hurt!

That’s why this is…

My head begins to knock. The alarm continues. But it’s weak. That’s right, that alarm is my reality.

“This is not my reality” (Makoto)

How frail, I am ashamed of the me that was played to this point.

To the me that must have wanted these two to do this kind of fools play, I am ashamed.

The tears that flowed from my regrets I wiped them off with my sleeves.

The world that was warping heavily.

To think this is an illusion.

I who had already understood the general situation am now firmly looking at the world around me once again.

There I am, just inside a deep, very deep mist.

“That wasn’t on the level of mirage. Damn it, damn it!!” (Makoto)

If I am a bit careless I will surely be swallowed by that illusion again. Next time with what kind of carnal desire, to which other person that I can’t meet anymore will I tarnish?

That kind of thing, I don’t want to see it again. I will not be able to take it.

But before I think of a clear way to get out of here. I have to hit the walls of this small world at least once or my heart won’t settle.

I have to clear away this regret and pitifulness. No, I can’t go without doing so.

“Shen, I thank you for reminding me of my pitifulness” (Makoto)

Without effort I find the wall. The walls that enclosed me in this deep mist.

I am sorry Ibuki. My important bad friend. I have always wanted to tell you something and because of my diffidence I wasn’t able to tell you.

But this is another world. In the words of another country to compare it to a well or the cavity of a tree wouldn’t be a problem right?

The friend of mine in the previous world, the actions of him after seeing my shameful sights, float inside my mind.

Of course, I who was too ashamed to say anything made him as if he was in the wrong, the face of that me that I wanted to hit ‘also’ appeared inside of me.

“Anyways, you…!” (Makoto)

My passion was cooling down so I whispered the aria of brid multiple times.

“Calling out one girl after the other!!” (Makoto)

A red light revolves and envelops my right hand and forms a spherical shape. It may be my imagination but I felt that the power of this was a lot higher than the last time I used it.

It’s most likely because of the tension!!

I stand firm on the surface with my left leg as if trying to bring it down.

Using the way of shooting a straight I saw in a boxing manga as reference!

In my hand I carried the fire ball!

“I am already tired of your shit Ibukiiii!!!” (Makoto)

To my club friend, to the friend Ibuki that has received how many talents of heaven, along with all of my dissatisfaction, I with all of my strength hit the wall!!





Chapter 8 - A delighful pledge


~Shen POV~

Supremacy must refer to this.

A mysterious existence. Mysterious experiences. Mysterious memories.

To think about destroying this would be a stupid thing to do.

Trapping him in the mist barrier. While I was checking out the memories of the enemy hyuman I was shocked.

By the way, I don’t know what kind of illusion he is being shown. I just pour in the power inside this barrier and can only decide if the direction of the illusion will be pleasure or fear.

Normally after that there wouldn’t be any problems. If it goes into the fear side most of them would die and a lot of them would also struggle. If its pleasure, the struggle would be low but the time it takes for them to die would get longer.

For speed its fear, for safety I would go for pleasure. That’s how I divided the use of them.

But this time, to have chosen this method made me feel terribly ashamed.

This memories are wonderful. Just, wonderful.

This enemy, no, this man, it was hard to believe but, he was someone that had come from another world.

Memories can’t lie. There is no source more truthful than this.

An unknown existence unknown existence unknown existence.

Even with my long time here I have never seen such memories before, he was a person of great interest.

To let this living being to die. Such a thing is something that shouldn’t be done.

Especially, this.

This that seems to be one of the hobbies of this man.

It jolted my heart with a tremendous force.

I don’t want these memories that seemed like I had cut them off, I don’t want dead memories.

I want memories that are alive. I want to hear it directly from him. And I want to converse with him.

In his strength, his treasures, his existence.

I don’t remember a time where my heart has been moved so much. Is this what they call interest?

It wasn’t just a whim, from the bottom of my heart I knew that this was interest.

I don’t want to lose him.

I want to know. That’s why I won’t let this person die.

I have to release him. To enclose him in a dangerous barrier is a foolish thing to do.

The moment I release him I should talk with him.

For the sake of that, what should I do?

I have to let him know that I don’t feel hostility for him anymore.

Using a word from his world it would be, show your stomach and everything will be understood?

I don’t understand.

But, first of all I should release him and then ask for his state. If he is surprised I should be able to use that as a trigger to begin a conversation.

I have already learned human words. There should be no problem.

Though, he can speak with the orcs so he should be able to speak with me as well.

“Then” (Shen)

Thinking I should release the barrier, I look at it. Anyhow, it’s my first time that I have been this entranced in a person’s memories so.

What a sweet feeling.

But once again, I was the one who ended up being surprised.

Inside the barrier I could sense the activation of power.

It was quite the power.

I can hear something.

“Anyways… girls… after the other!” (Makoto)

What is it, the power has increased even more. The barrier is crying.

“Already… tyr…. kiiiiii!!!” (Makoto)

“Oooh?!” (Shen)

The mist that was in the surface of the barrier disappeared as if crying.

And then.

A dull and dreadful sound rose out, my barrier, for the first time, had been destroyed from the inside.

How out of the standard can you be? Just how powerful is that power that the God from the other world has given you?

Cold sweat.

Thinking about that attack hitting me send shivers down my body.

Showing my stomach, I prepare myself to round my eyes the best way possible. To how lovely I can look, I don’t have much confidence though.

Most likely he thinks of me more in the animal class. Not the pet type but the wild animal class. To what extend I can look as a caring animal, I am a bit insecure.

And then, he appeared.

“Hey” (Makoto)

In a really calm voice he calls me out and my body hardens.

“I am sorry, good man that has come from another world. I now know the circumstances of the destruction of the gate. I have learned that it was a misfortunate accident. I will also apologize for my quick temper. Could you please lower you weapon?” (Shen)

“Wa?” (Makoto)

“I will add this to my apology, I have read your memories. I don’t know the contents but that I have shown you an unpleasant illusion, I apologize from the bottom of my heart” (Shen)

“… That wasn’t something you had shown me?” (Makoto)

“I can choose if it will be pleasure or pain but the details and the contents are dependent on the target” (Shen)

When I answered him like this, he crouched while holding his head. ‘So it’s as I thought~’ is what he groaned.

“Other world person, I am Shen. A superior dragon and an existence that is called “invincible”. Just as you know, I am particularly good at illusions” (Shen)

I made a decision that would make the me from yesterday laugh.

“A, I see… I am Misumi Makoto. If I said Misumi Makoto would you understand? You may already know but I have come from another world” (Makoto)

I already knew but him saying it shocks me for a second. To watch memories is deep that’s for sure. For the sake of the future this is something that must be said.

“Makoto-dono, won’t you sign a pact with me?” (Shen)

I have already decided to follow this man. I already know that he is close to a traveler and that he is aiming to head to human settlement. A human settlement, it was more like he was looking for people.

Then a pact is fine.

I will follow him as a partner.

I will lent him my power and I want him to talk to me about his experiences. Especially about ‘that’

“Uh? A pact? Like a summoning beast?” (Makoto)

“It’s an event that can only be done one-on-one, it vaguely differs depending on circumstances. The existences that are in my class most likely can only do this once. I can brag about me being the strongest class. I promise you that I will not bring any loses to you!” (Shen)

His way of seeing things may be a bit different but it must still be pretty similar.

“N? To have more people along is better?” (Makoto)

“Yes! Yes! I am extremely interested in your hobbies! Please do give me a favorable answer!” (Shen)

Yes, those wonderful memories. With just a glance they captured everything of me.

“Guha!! What kind of threat is that?! What did I get my hands on?!” (Makoto)

For some reason he was crouching and agonizing.

“How is it? I think it’s something that will bring benefits for both of us though” (Shen)

“Gugugugu, you schemer. Alright, I get it! I will be counting on you” (Makoto)

“Yes! I as well in the many years to come, I will be counting on you!” (Shen)

With his approval I began the process of the pact with me as the lead. He doesn’t know the process of it so it’s a matter of course.

A pact of 50-50. This is absurd, the configuration I am trying to push is not maintaining at all. How out of the standards.

A 70-30 parent and child pact. Impossible, this is also pushed away. Just how much maryoku does he have?

An 80-20 ruling pact. I was somehow able to retain the configuration. To think I would be pressured down to this point. My pride as a superior dragon is a bit hurt.

I can’t maintain my consciousness any longer. This is the first time I think that being a dragon is a good thing.

A ruling pact, in essence I would be his familiar, no, it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that I am his slave.

Fufufufu. Isn’t that fine.

I am looking forward to what he, no, that great person will do in the future.

It seems that in the next hundred or less years.

It will be the most fun times I will have in my whole life.

Being liberated from my boredom, I felt my heart shaking in joy.

“Then once more, please take care of me, my master, Misumi-sama” (Shen)





Chapter 9 - The garden inside the mist


I understood two things.

Since I came to this world the things I ‘understand’ are scarce so this is pretty valuable.

The first thing is my power. It’s the power to create an ‘area’

With me as the center I create a spherical area, and in there I decide the attributes and effects that the interior of it will have.

The extent of it is arbitrary, I could even cover everything that I can see in it. However, the bigger it gets the less effects I can apply to it.

Everything in it is affected by the effects.

That means that even I am affected by it. If I don’t manage to somehow exclude myself I won’t be able to use it as an attack. No, I can’t use it.

I don’t even want to try it. I don’t want to die by my own power.

In the battle with Shen the effect that I activated was ‘Find it’ that kind of wish. A search area.

But I feel that this is a way too all-purpose skill. I am really thankful to you Tsukuyomi-sama. To use it I have to properly plan it beforehand or it could be troublesome but it is definitely useful.

And the other thing is the limit of the circumference in my current location’s terrain.

This is literally the ends of the world, and more over I was in it. More specifically, in the northwest edge.

The place that Shen had been was pretty close to that northwest tip.

On the way of heading to the human settlement using the shortest route, I went along with Ema to escort her back to the village of highland orcs. There, I confirmed my location.

With this I would be able to finally head to the human settlement. I am really glad that it’s not at a place that is southeast or southwest of the world. The human settlement seems to be in the northeast.

Because they told me something scary like ‘I don’t know just how long does the south in this place extends’.

The whole surroundings of the wasteland were surrounded by precipices or so they told me. There is also the issue of the south so their information is not that accurate. When I asked if it was a basin among the mountains they told me that ‘no, it is lower than the sea’. For a second I didn’t get the meaning of what they said.

When I heard the explanation in more detail I could tell that it was a hundred meter below water level.

When I asked if it was some kind of salty water later, I thought they would bring out a death sea document or something.

It was in my way so I returned to the cave and Ema was there. And when she saw the completely changed form of Shen she seemed like she would faint. Well, she didn’t know her original form so it ended in just a surprise.

If it were a person that knew of dragons, I don’t know how many of them would faint after seeing this.

Because after that pact was finished the form of Shen had changed into the form of a human. At first I was like ‘who was she?’ even though I had seen it in front of me.

I who was planning to ride on its back to travel was completely shocked in the change of plans.

A pact seems to differ depending on the race and it will come with benefits or disadvantages.

The 50-50 pact ‘pledge’ both of their forms will not change but if the difference in power is one-sided then the one who is weaker will have its form changed.

That fellow, her talk about being the strongest must have been a lie because the pact ended in an 80-20 ‘ruling’ pact with me being on the advantageous side. Though even if it became a ruling one she still has a pretty haughty attitude.

If the relationship comes to this point it seems that the changes in the form are frightfully remarkable. After all, some of the things like her eyes and fangs slightly remain but the shape of Shen was practically that of a human being.

A blue haired cool beauty. That the features of her face are Japanese-like is because the one who made the contract was the Japanese me, maybe?



But her appearance honestly surpassed that of a Japanese person! She is technically a model. Sadly, a kimono may not suit her. I think it’s because those clothes are specially made to fit the old Japanese people. For it to fit her, the torso part should be lengthened and the legs shortened, I think it might be complicated to do.

By the way I have no issues wearing it. That I am the one saying it is a bit… but I already know that it will fit me perfectly.

Her hair is blue and she is half-dragon so… yep, it won’t suit her.

With those golden proportion ratios, her body that is tightly fit and was clear that there was no unnecessary flesh. Even though she hasn’t exercised, it’s unfair right?

Thinking about the properties of her powers I can understand why she is considered invincible. There was no doubt that it was a fine illusion, with the way she fights she would certainly not lose.

After doing the ruling pact, I still had near 60% of extra energy left. Even though she said it would be a one-time thing, it suddenly became a different story.

Putting it simpler it would mean that I can make one more contract with a Shen-class mamono. It was a good different story so I can forgive her.

No one has taught me how it calculates the amount so I am too scared of forming another pact, for now having a reserve is fine.

I also heard of a special ability she had called ‘Asora’ but it seems that because of the effects of the pact it had done a complete change.

It was a wealthy land that was filled with green. To the me who was in that desert-like wasteland, with one breathe of that green I felt that my whole body was refreshed.

It was an over-grown prairie where the grass reached up to my knees. In a place a bit far from where I was, it was scarce but I could see trees and shrubs. It may be because there weren’t that many things in the whole area but when I checked far away there wasn’t a single artificial made structure anywhere.

In the area I looked over I couldn’t see a single form of water like a river or a pond. But sometimes a wind that waves the grass would bring the green scent and in it I could feel the presence of water. It was a place that had green all the way I could see. There should be a water source somewhere.

With the unusual movements in the forests darkness and the grass of the prairie I could feel the presence of living creatures. There must be animals in here. I haven’t seen them yet though. Seeing that there are plants that I know the animals might also have the same shape as the ones I know.

It seems that the size is pretty considerable. There is one trait that stands out. Its ‘boundary’. I don’t know if calling it that is correct though, no matter where I look, at the far distance there was a wall of mist. I haven’t checked what is beyond that. Even if I could try to check with the power I had obtained, I decide to stop my exploration there.

Though I said it was covered by a wall it was just that I could see it from far away. I don’t feel a closure from it.

It may not be a good enough example but, a long time ago I escalated a slightly elevated mountain and looked over the town I lived. I felt that the size was similar to how I felt that time.

If you take into account that I am the only one in here then without me even saying, it was excessively vast.

Just what in the world is Asora?

Before I could ask what this place was, she asked me “Where is this?” Like I would know!

The space that should have been temporarily created had now become a world or so it seems. And it was stable to an abnormal level.

There was clearly vegetation that I already knew, and when I tried to eat it they tasted the same as I knew them. I missed this. A pine tree and a cypress tree. Trees that I had smelled before made me remember of my birthplace.

The Shen that had transformed into a beauty, in her eyes it seemed that this space had become a mystery for her as well. Even though this was a place that could only be entered by using her mist as an intermediary… how unreliable.

She also said something ominous, that she felt the vastness was gradually increasing. That wall must be slowly retracting.

In Shen’s words, the air around was thin in maryoku and in exchange vegetation in here was directly containing the maryoku and releasing it to the air. Is what she explained me but since I don’t understand anything about the world, I didn’t get anything she said.

It seems that for the whole air to have thin maryoku was impossible in this other world and with eyes filled with curiosity she took a grass in her hand and looked at it.

For now I didn’t understand the information of the location so it would in essence be a place that uses the mist as an intermediary to enter. I am not sure about it but it may be a pretty safe place. After all, there is no goddess.

So if I make a town here it would truly become a mirage town is what I told Shen as a joke but for some reason she ended up pondering seriously.

Could it be that I have once more placed a landmine and stepped on it?

Anyways, let’s rest for tonight. I who had returned to the orc village had decided to, for one day, not think about other things.

For the first time since I came here I slept in a constructed place. Tomorrow I will leave this village and then while camping outside I will aim for the place where hyumans are supposed to live.

In my way I will pass by a number of mamono settlements but Shen is here. It will resolve somehow.

“Let’s sleep” (Makoto)

——-

“Then. Shen, what in the world is this?” (Makoto)

“Hohou~, don’t you understand master?” (Shen)

“Are all the orcs in the village sending us off?” (Makoto)

“Wrong! They are moving!” (Shen)

I don’t understand more and more.

What is Shen, who is an over 180cm tall figured beauty, puffing her chest out for?

I think it’s a harassment to the 160cm me.

Moreover, changing residence in this wasteland?

What is she thinking?

The places they can live in are limited. Moreover, they have some numbers so it wouldn’t be easy to move the village.

But now that she says it, I can see that they have their household belongings with them so if she told me now that they were moving I would nod.

Did they plan to do that from the start?

“We will be in your care”

The chief lowers his head to me.

What? Did Shen say something?

Well, they did provide me with household and food so to repay them I could escort them until their new place, I have no issues with that.

And I have wanted to test the effects of my own power. Especially on the effects on other people.

If it’s to that level I don’t mind dropping them on the way.

“Where are you going to be moving to? If it’s just to escort I will be glad to do it” (Makoto)

But the chief watches me with a slightly troubled face.

It’s pretty hard to get his expressions but he seemed to be troubled. Shen looking at the chief as if telling him something, nods her head up and down.

“Master” (Shen)

“Yes?” (Makoto)

“This extremity of the world is harsh right?” (Shen)

“Yeah” (Makoto)

“This orcs don’t have a specified location where they can move their village and also in their way they could get attacked, the dangers they would face are innumerable” (Shen)

“Right. This looks like a really severe place after all” (Makoto)

What is she trying to say, this girl? Because I can’t think of a name for you, you are playing a riddle game?

“That’s why, I am thinking of inviting them to our world!” (Shen)

“Wa?” (Makoto)

Our world?

“So dense! It’s Asora, Asora! The place that became a bountiful place after the pact with master. That place is fitting to be called a world!” (Shen)

Shen continued explaining me.

Asora had become stable and people can now live in it. Then, the orcs could live in there. That’s why they will live there.

Wait a second Shen. From where did you get the comment about the first people residing in it?

Shen didn’t seem to have any problems with people residing in it. So when she proposed that idea to the orcs, they accepted.

Is what she said but.

“This is the mirage city plan! Na no ja!” (Shen)

So you really took me seriously there! In the end your real intentions came out.

To create a city inside Asora. To think she would seriously do it.

“You know, is it really okay to let other living beings live in Asora?” (Makoto)

It’s a place where you won’t know what would happen. At the very least there has been an incident of suddenly getting out. There is no assurance that it will not disappear.

“Of course, the vegetation grows freely and the water and air is no issue. Last night I properly checked it out! While I was at it I also released some animals in there! Counting the ones already there, there is no problem in nature! It could be called a first class place!” (Shen)

S-She is pointlessly excited.

Moreover that there are outer species and inner species like it’s nothing, what an absurd thing have you done! If there were wolfs or boars or dears originally there and you released the monsters in this wasteland, aren’t they going to be completely annihilated? I feel that the ecosystem has already been destroyed.

A, perhaps if there are wolfs in there, there could also be Honshu wolfs too. If that’s so I want to see them at least once. If possible, before they are made food.

“To live in Shen-sama’s sacred place is a thankful opportunity, I thought that I would reverently accept the offer”

The chief-sama says to me in a decisively serious manner.

I see, depending on the views it could be called a sacred place . For the village that has been sending sacrifices each time, they must believe that their treatment has become a lot better.

Originally, not only the sacrifices, she didn’t even know that there was a religion about her!

On top of it, Shen is a dragon and is not supposed to be a god. Is it okay to call it a sacred place? Well, I don’t care. If they are talking about a sacred place and that the goddess will appear then that would change the story. But if it’s just a denomination they have given to it then it shouldn’t be a problem.

“Everyone, is it alright to decide this kind of important decision in just one night?” (Makoto)

So I was the only one that was snoring in my sleep.

What a stupid thing.

All the faithful orcs-san seemed to not have a single complain.

Well, if they had the sentiment of wanting to move to a more bountiful place then this decision is predictable.

“That’s how it is. There is no disadvantage for master. Is it okay?” (Shen)

Shen flashes an extraordinary smile.

“Well, you are right? But what are you guys going to do about the living place? That place doesn’t have any houses” (Makoto)

Are they planning on camping out? All of the members count up to a hundred or so. I feel that’s a bit pushing it.

“House? No problem. Because I will be ‘swallowing’ this whole village after all” (Shen)

“Haiii?!” (Makoto)

So, does that mean this whole village disappears?! What kind of ghost story is that? A rumor of a village that disappeared overnight? Nah, that wouldn’t happen. There were no neighboring villages anywhere around here so.

“I just have to use my mist as intermediary and transfer it. No problem! There is still a lot of space in it after all. And also, just in case I made it so they would have all the important things with them. All the furniture is also taken out” (Shen)

I have an incredibly~ bad feeling about this? That there is still a lot of space left?

“Don’t tell me you plan on inviting more in the near future?” (Makoto)

“What kind of obvious thing are you saying? Of course, if they don’t have the power or special traits then I won’t approve them. I am going to be gauging the people that we will be meeting in our travels” (Shen)

This girl is supposed to be in a ruling relationship with me which could also be considered a familiar kind of existence. And yet…

In this world is there so much freedom?! The master is practically a bug, is it just a name?!

To think this is a ruling pact, in the ‘equals’ pact I wouldn’t be treated like a slave right?

“Mutual existence and prosperity. How nice how nice. Let’s create our own city master” (Shen)

To create a city inside the ends of the world, is this the beginning of a simulation game?!

What kind of joke is this?

“I don’t know what anything is anymore” (Makoto)

“Currently we need a race that can sew. Also smithing too” (Shen)

“Sewing and smithing are that important?” (Makoto)

Shen is someone that I can call partner but.

The feeling I get is despairingly different. Those two things I felt like they weren’t really that necessary. In the first place, if it’s normal sewing the orcs should be able to do it. They are wearing clothes after all.

“What are you saying?! If there is no one that excels in sewing I can’t wear a kimono, and if there is no one that excels in smithing then we can’t make a katana!” (Shen)

Super mega serious.

And with feeling.

So she was the type that would live on only the crust of bread for the sake of buying a game that is in her eyes.

“Now master. We have now given the first race, highland orcs, residence in our Asora so…” (Shen)

Already?!

Uo, she seriously did!

When did she transfer everyone?!

“In the other side I have already left a duplicate to show them around so be at ease. In the morning we advance, in the afternoon we rest at Asora and at evening we once again gain distance!” (Shen)

She is excessively high in spirits. Did she have such a skill like cloning? You should tell your master about your abilities.

A, that’s right. This girl had taken an interest in me. So the moment I destroyed the mist barrier she had greeted me with round eyes and showing me her stomach, that made me want to vomit.

A kimono and a katana.

That’s right, this girl is…

“Master, it may be sudden but! The everyday of a samurai?” (Shen)

This girl has a severe…

“Ah… as expected. Megumi has a chivalrous presence right?” (Shen)

In her extended hand there was a small mist. There, an image was being displayed. Cuts of a certain TV program. By: my memories.

Mist are incredibly all-purpose huh. I have a better opinion of it. I thought it was only useful for deteriorating things. Also, what a bad taste illusion.

“ufufufufu ♫” (Shen)

She has a severe love for old era dramas.

I thought that she had discovered my men’s dreams thought. No, she probably knows of those too. She has seen my memories after all.

But, old era dramas. I certainly did love them but.

I was way too quick, in my decision.

“Master, in our breaks please show me your memories again ♫” (Shen)

“You have already seen them!” (Makoto)

“To look at the records and being shown are after all completely different. I implore you~ master~” (Shen)

In what they are different I don’t get it at all! And stop that slow tone of voice that doesn’t suit you!

“As I thought, I want to see it directly from a TV, the old era dramas” (Shen)

“Do as you wish with your defiance but please do so at Asora. Also, don’t look at my memories” (Makoto)

Like I can take you looking at my memories so much. And moreover just to watch old dramas!

“N-No way so cruel! It has already become my reason for living!” (Shen)

“It has only been a few days since we met! Moreover you have already recorded them!” (Makoto)

“Uwu~ just with memories is not enough~” (Shen)

“In what way it’s not enough try explaining in a way I can understand. If you are able to convince me then I will let you to at least watch the old dramas” (Makoto)

That it has become a ruling relationship has made it so she can peak at my memories without permission. It’s one of the merits.

“It’s as different as watching just the CG and watching the scene!” (Shen)

Guhaaaaaaaaaaaa!!

T-This girl!

I understood it perfectly but!!

I feel like she also put in a threat in there?

I will tell them about that, master?

Is what I think she is telling me!!!

“Gu,wu. I get it. I give you permission” (Makoto)

“Oh~ as expected of master! Your belly is deep! I hope that the sun quickly goes up and becomes hot” (Shen)

I feel that I have made an incredible mistake in my pact partner.





POV Chapter - Meeting with the mamono, Ema


The wasteland that is called the edge of the world.

That is exactly where we are living.

It has a messed up environment and one can’t even live properly in this vast ground.

But even with that, we highland orcs, take residence in a relatively blessed area. By producing crops and hunting preys we are somehow able to live.

To be honest, I want to live in a more bountiful place.

But to move the village the risks are way too high.

Even at this moment, a number of great warriors have gone out to look for a good plot of land but, in the scope we are able to move to, will there be a place that is better than this one?

I have doubts for the future but, the days keep on passing.

That is the everyday life of us.

Yet, since several years ago the situation changed.

From the far west mountains, a dragon that calls itself Shen has demanded sacrifices.

Of course, we couldn’t accept just like that.

We tried to oppose it.

The warriors took their swords and the magicians held their staffs.

Highland orcs exceled in both sword and magic. It’s embarrassing to say it myself but we are a strong race.

We have survived the interior of this wastelands, we have a bit of pride ourselves.

But the Superior Dragon, that even among the giant dragons is considered the strongest. The strength of Shen was too immense.

In the base of Shen that is located at the distance, the units’ expeditions were unable to reach it.

What we could only do was to intercept, we thought if we can at least do that, the other party would give up.

But the actions of Shen were to envelop the entire village with the mist that it governed.

That mist, not only took the vision of our surroundings but sapped our physical strength as well.

Even our crops couldn’t grew poorly.

Anyhow the mist had coiled around our village.

It couldn’t get any worse.

The swords and magic couldn’t get rid of it.

The balance had crumbled.

The important balance that enabled us to live in this barren wastelands.

Of course, we didn’t perish immediately.

But everyone knew that was not far in the future.

After that we tried many experiments, in the end we couldn’t resolve the situation and we had to accepted the demands of Shen.

Every half a year a girl would be send to be sacrificed.

Even this was merely a slower way to perishing.

It was a humiliating choice.

Freed from the mist, we had to worship Shen like a deity.

The days where we had to use –sama (a honorific) to someone who only brought harm to our village, began.

Slowly the girls from the village decreased.

I, the daughter of the village headman, was no exception.

At last the moment has come.

A village that had a feeling of closure and the despair that floated around it.

How did things end up like this?

Come to think of it.

A number of times, a rarely seen race that had blue skin, offered to help us but, for some reason Dad didn’t even heed their words.

I think he said they were called Demon race.

I have only spoken with them for a bit but, they seemed to give a feeling of gentleness.

We are being cornered this much, it should be fine to ask for their help. Or at least that’s what I think.

The village’s decisions were done by father and other influential people. It wasn’t something a woman like me could intervene in, so I have never spoke out.

Thinking that not long now I would be dying, as my last words I decided to tell him my opinion.

——–

It happened on the night before I was to depart.

“Father, I have a favor to ask of you”

“Ema, huh. What is it?”

“When I go, I want you to listen to what the demon race has to say. I don’t know what they want from us but at this rate the village will disappear”

“…”

Father was silent.

“I have already accepted the fact I will be a sacrifice. But…”

“… Are you scared?”

Father said it in a way that seemed as if he wanted to save me, I don’t know if there was a different meaning to it but, he asked me if I was scared.

I silently shake my head horizontally.

“If the village disappears, I and every girl who had been sacrificed would have died in vain. I don’t want that. I am dying for the future of the Highland Orcs. At least, that’s what I want it to be”

“…”

“Please”

“Ema… I understand. If even when you become a sacrifice, he demands another sacrifice, we will accept the alliance with the Demon race.

“Thank you, Father”

I am glad.

With this, I might become the last sacrifice.

If we obtain the Demon races’ cooperation, the relationship with Shen might change for the better.

Even though I confronted my own father, somewhere inside me I felt a bright feeling while I walked through the wasteland.

——–

Choosing a path with good view, when an opposing monster or race appears I take the initiative and use magic to implode them. With that I was able to make it all the way here.

As long as I take the initiative, most of the monsters, even with only me, I would be able to somehow take care of them.

At the time of the first sacrifice a warrior accompanied her to the god mountain where Shen was, but now they had to pass a number of relay points by themselves in order to reach there.

There weren’t enough hands so we had no other choice.

That’s why the girl that has been chosen as the sacrifice will have to spend half a year learning magic.

The girls who are more skillful with the sword were taught how to handle weapons.

Not even saying for half a year, I had been practicing since the day I remember so there was no problem with me.

In that half a year of concentrating on the practice of magic I felt a tad bit happy.

It was a small thing but remembering the fun I had in that half a year, my face unconsciously made a smile.

Now I prepared myself.

Lifting my face, there were rugged rock walls and a terrain with lots of protuberances in a wide area.

This is the last rough spot.

Since the vision in this area was bad, a surprise attack is possible.

I have to move out of this area fast as it’s a place with lots of dangers.

Though if I am to pass this place fine, I will reach a cave that will lead directly to the god mountain.

Alright!

I made my first step in the rocky area.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

“Please, someone help me!!!!”

Even I didn’t understand to whom I was calling for help.

My staff had been blown off my hands and had broken.

Now it won’t be useful at all.

I, who didn’t have a single weapon in hands, was now facing a demonic beast.

A giant dog.

But he had two heads.

A dark deep blue haired demonic beast that I knew.

“Why is Liz in this kind of place?”

Liz.

That is the name of the double headed dog in front of me.

It’s a fearsome demonic beast that creates groups and can breathe both fire and ice.

If I had the distance it wouldn’t be impossible for me to defeat him.

But losing my staff and being brought into physical combat distance, it wasn’t an opponent I could handle.

What makes them so dreadful was their cunning way of hunting their prey in groups so it was strange to encounter a single one, in that sense it could be said I was lucky.

It could be said but…

Since I can’t defeat it, it was pointless luck.

There isn’t supposed to be a Liz turf in this areas though?

“Gurururururu” *Grrrrrr

This is bad, he is coming.

My breath is growing shallow.

No, to die by being sacrificed is one thing but, to die prey of this Liz!

Don’t joke with me!

“Someone help me!!!!”

I screamed from the bottom of my heart.

I see the Liz heartlessly placed his strength on his hind legs and slightly shrink his body.

For this to be the end, for what sake did I…!

Eh?

The Liz ears perked up.

Releasing the strength he placed in his body the Liz both heads face at the same direction.

What?

What is happening?

The Liz was lured by it and I followed him.

What is it, it seems that a cloud of dust is being raised?

“What? A race I have never seen before?”

“Gurururoro!!!!”

Liz made an overpowering roar in that direction.

It is obvious that he is more preoccupied by the trespasser than in me.

In the same way as us Orcs, the shadow was running with a pair of legs in speeds that were impossible.

But, eh?

Isn’t it way too fast?

In a breath it had shortened the distance between us and its appearance was clear.

“ASFHDSKJHFS!!”

“Gururuo?”

Plunging with a shout I couldn’t understand well, he released a flying kick on Liz.

A physical match with the Liz?!

Is he a warrior?

Will it be repelled or will he be able to deal damage? Anyways his strength will be determined.

But he must have great confidence in his strength if he is challenging Liz to a physical match.

“No way…”

I muttered lowly.

It took me time to notice it was me who said that.

It was fast but, it was only a flying kick.

He wasn’t using any magic and he was probably not using any kind of special equipment.

Not only that, I could also sense clumsiness in his movements.

YET.

He tore off the body of the Liz when he hit him.

Even though I saw it with my own eyes, my mind could still not perceive it as reality.

When it landed, it softly got up and turned its back.

Not far from it, a meat lump that was once Liz was there.

I am convulsing, I am definitely dead now.

With only one hit?

The Liz that was a mass of hard body hair and muscle… it killed him?

“BJASDLKJSA”

It is saying something.

Turning its eyes to one side, joining its hands, closing its eyes, it did many gestures I didn’t comprehend.

Our languages probably don’t match.

At the time it shouted I couldn’t understand it either after all.

Though I think it is probably male.

Taking into account that voice and physique.

With all the knowledge I have I try to think of what he is.

A hairless face that seemed smooth.

Simple garments made of cloth I have never seen before.

But the sewing techniques utilized to make it were clearly skilled.

He didn’t have claws nor fangs and there is no tail.

Such kind of creature.

Could it be a warrior that has come from outside that we have made contact a couple of times. The so called hyuman?

Anyways, they are the hyuman race or so I have heard.

Dissecting the body of the enemies it has defeated, oppressing the people that run away and have lost their will to fight, it seems they are a brutal race.

Now that I think of it, there was a dangerous race that had confronted the demon race.

Could it be the hyuman?

!!!!

Our eyes met!

Without any cautiousness he was coming closer to me.

Even if we are both barehanded, just seeing that spectacle, there is no way I would think we are on the same ground.

“Ah… Nice to meet you”

“Hiiii! He spoke?!”

Without thinking I let out a pathetic voice.

But I am not wrong.

Just a while ago I wasn’t able to understand a single word yet, all of a sudden he said words I understood. He began to talk in my language.

There is no way I wouldn’t be shocked.

In a glance he saw through that I was a highland orc and changed the language he spoke?

Hyuman(provisional), scary.

“I am not strange. I am gentle and kind. Do you understand me?

Boku? (TN: A Japanese way to refer himself)

As expected, he is a man.

I certainly understand what he is saying.

I move my head up and down.

If for him this means the same thing as what I know, I couldn’t think about it at that moment.

But, I felt there was something wrong…

??! I- I am gently and kind?!

What am I doing?!

Hurriedly I shake my head left and right.

“There is no way someone who kills a Liz in one hit to be ‘gentle and kind’!” (Ema)

I could feel my body shivering again.

That’s right.

This guy, what kind of nonsense is he saying?

“Oh I see. I am strong! I am stronger than you!”

“HIIIIIIIIIII!!!!” (Ema)

I knew iiiiiiit!

Shrinking my body I tremble.

Without denying it, he suddenly came with a threat.

He hasn’t done anything after that but, I feel like he is intimidating me.

When I sneaked a glance from the opening in my hands.

He lifted up his hands and watched my scared appearance with a confused expression.

Just what are you?!

No matter how much I want to stay calm, the fear inside me always gets me.

“Well, calm down…”

It sounded as if he was telling himself that though.

Saying that, he continued the conversation with me.

Talking with him I noticed that he was unexpectedly a comprehensive person.

How to say it… a good person.

In the middle of it I asked him if he possessed that unique power called Tamer, but it seems he didn’t.

By the way, Tamer is a unique power that rarely appears in the demon race and hyuman. They can communicate with demonic beasts and mamono, and sometimes even control them.

After hearing that he said “Are you also lost?”

When I called him a hyuman he didn’t negate it so I think he is a hyuman.

But, what is that about ‘also’? Did he get lost while walking alone in this wasteland?

No, that is not possible.

What kind of absurdity occurred for that to happen?

And he doesn’t even seem to know that this is the border of the world.

What is this? This mysterious person.

When I told him that I was a village sacrifice and that I was on my way to the gods’ mountain, he made a meek face and concerned about me he asked about the village situation and how we normally lived, those kind of things.

As expected, I think he is not a bad person.

He is a weird hyuman.

He introduced himself as Makoto, a 17 year old like me, and he escorted me to the last place I was to rest, the ‘Body Purifying Field’.

As he is my benefactor I decided to call him Makoto-sama.

He then called me Ema-san. I felt ticklish.

It’s alright to not call me with honorifics, but maybe he doesn’t have that kind of custom?

Since the time he began to escort the journey has been proceeding smoothly.

There were no surprise attacks, only some races that were looking at us.

They seemed to be cautious of Makoto-sama and couldn’t get close.

I am truly trankful.

I felt relieved in my heart that now I could fulfill my duty as a sacrifice.

The entrance of the cave was in sight.

“Makoto-sama can you please wait here for a bit? I have to explain the presence of Makoto-sama to the people of the forest” (Ema)

“I get it” (Makoto)

I told Makoto-sama to wait for me for a bit and entered the cave first.

He obediently agreed and stopped, send me off by waving his hands.

————

“Ema-Sama, I am glad you have arrived safely”

“Thanks. There is a person who saved my live on the way. There is no problem if he comes to rest right?” (Ema)

“Ooh! A life savior?! I get it. Then, that person is?”

“Calmly hear me out. I havent seen them before but he is probably a hyuman” (Ema)

“Hyuman?!”

“Yeah. It seems he is lost but I don’t understand his circumstances well. But what I’m sure about is that he rushed to me when I was in trouble and defeated a Liz in one hit. By all means I want to welcome him before we part” (Ema)

“A human though. I haven’t seen one either but I heard they are brutal and extremely greedy, on top of that, an exceedingly cruel race”

“I have already spoken with Makoto-sama, in regards to him there is no such thing. Please” (Ema)

Persisting in my request, they accepted what I said.

They probably heard my selfish request because I was a sacrifice.

I have to be grateful for that.

From the entry I wave my hand to Makoto-sama as a signal.

Even if I’m interested in him there is no point.

To the me that is soon to die.

But.

The Makoto-sama who suddenly appeared, that complete mystery. I couldn’t stop the curiosity that was slowly growing inside me.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

At that night at the cave with Makoto-sama, for me it was the fun I have not had in a long time, it was the best night.

I liked to tend to another person.

Even if it was a guest that came to the village, like for a friend celebration.

At these times, if I had to say which one I am, I am the kind that receives hospitality from others. There were lots of times where I was in a special position. I would normally enjoy those times more than normal.

If talking about Makoto-sama, he was really interested in the magic I used. It seemed he couldn’t hold it in anymore and asked me about it.

“Ema-san. That, is magic right?” (Makoto)

“Y-Yeah. This is a magic that we normally use in our daily lives. Hyumans call it sorcery though” (Ema)

I had heard that Hyumans called magic, sorcery. I was a bit surprised that he called it magic.

At that time, he asked me if he could use magic as well.

When I answered that, “Even if I look like this , I am actually one of the most prominent magic users in the village” His eyes began to shine.

I am actually the strongest one but I tried to be a bit humble.

Then Makoto-sama requested me to teach him magic.

Ummm…

I can’t believe it.

While being in that wasteland, without a weapon, and moreover without knowing magic.

Well with that physical strength it could be possible but…

He also said that he hadn’t eaten for 3 days. While being reluctant, he ate the reserves of food in our cave.

Well he asked me but since he said he doesn’t even know the existence of magic, with low expectations I will teach him about the aria of the magic I am using as a form of thanks. I explained him a bit of what was magic energy.

When I did that, he really, even if it was elementary magic, with just one try of the aria, was able to successfully conjure it.

Wanting to know just how strong this person was, I took out an item from the storage that was able to identify the levels and the result was… he was a level 1.

There is no level 1 that strong.

I thought he was a level 100 or 300 at the very least.

Most of the demon race that come to the village are around level 300.

He is really a mysterious person.

Is he a genius?

From the persons that exceled in talent, there was normally a hard to approach atmosphere. But from this person I cant feel anything at all.

In the end, after promising him that I would give him the arias that I know at a later time, the day came to a closure.

At that night I took a leather piece to use as a paper and wrote and wrote and wrote like crazy, every single aria that I knew.

I thought that if my knowledge can stay inside my benefactor Makoto-sama then that is something to be happy about.

In the night where everyone was already asleep, I went to the room he was and silently left the paper there and went to sleep.

Last night he lived a harmonious live as the only different one in this place filled with highland orcs.

I could feel the alertness of the warriors and all the other ones.

———-

The next day.

I who had slept till late at night went to the guest room wishing to see the figure of my benefactor.

But, I couldn’t find him.

I couldn’t see the figure of Makoto-sama anywhere.

Is he still sleeping?

It will be breakfast soon though.

There is still some time before I had to go but if for only a bit I want to talk about a lot more stuff with Makoto-sama.

Even if I checked the inside, in the place where he is supposed to be sleeping he was not there.

That’s why I went to the entrance and asked the guards there.

“Good morning” (Ema)

“If it is about him, he left early in the morning”

“EEEhh?!” (Ema)

“I have a letter from him”

“A letter from Makoto-sama?” (Ema)

In the letter that had been taken out there was certainly letters written in it.

And no doubt it was in our language.

Just what in the world is he?

Even in our village there aren’t many who can write.

Lets see.

“Thanks for yesterday. Its been a long time since I have slept somewhere around the rooftop. The magic aria that you have left beside my pillow I receive it thankfully. To have politely taught magic to a total stranger like me I was really moved. For the sake of Ema-san who had been so kind to me, I want to do something. Is what I thought. I don’t know to what extend but please wait for at least one day before going to the god mountain. I will do something about that guy Shen. Just that, it’s possible that I will be unable to return there anymore. If tomorrow Shen is not at Gods Mountain then please go back to the village with everyone. For being with me at the time when I thought I wouldn’t be able to meet with anyone anymore, I truly thank you.

Makoto”

Such a thing.

Makoto-sama is certainly strong.

But we are talking about the Superior Dragon Shen, a dragon that stands at the top of the dragons. It’s hard to expect something.

No matter what kind of existence, if you are not a Superior Dragon as well or at least a Superior Spirit, there is no way you will be able to fight it one on one.

To challenge him with only the poor-quality magic I have taught you.

That wouldn’t be a fight, it’s a suicide.

I hurriedly make preparations depart.

I am not sure if I will be able to catch up with him but still, if I make it I have to convince him to give up.

I don’t know if Shen knows about our relationship with him but if he fights Shen and he does know and decides to destroy us all…

I began to think those kind things.

I have already accepted my death.

That’s why I don’t want someone else to die for the sake of me. If by trying to save me, the village gets destroyed then I don’t wish for salvation.

I get it to the point of hurting that he is doing this out of goodwill.

But still.

That goodwill is something I can’t take.

I have to hurry.

With the minimum preparations I announce that I will be leaving the cave.

At that place.

Makoto-sama was there.

With a girl I didn’t know.

What?

“Ah… you read the letter right? Well you see, I’m sorry. I have returned. Tadaima” (Makoto)

He must have inferred what I was going to do by looking at my attire and expression.

Comforting yet evil, with a face of someone that had received a punishment.

Makoto apologized and then said, “I am back”, to me.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

The hyuman looking woman with a strange outfit that wrapped around her body, to my amazement it was Shen-sama!

Talking with Makoto-sama it seems she fell in love with him and is now travelling along with him.

What is happening, I didn’t know at all.

What I clearly understand is that…

We were leaving the ‘Body Purifying Field’, moving through all relay points in the opposite direction and rendezvousing with soldiers. Meaning we are now returning to the village.

Is this a dream?

The Shen that had oppressed us for all this years, actually didn’t do anything at all.

Saying she was only sleeping.

When I asked what happened to the sacrifices, Shen-sama told me that it was most likely the handiwork of someone that had used her name to impersonate and deceive us.

A woman with long blue hair and tall figure.

This is Shen-sama.

Makoto-sama didn’t back off against a Supreme Dragon and moreover led it to a favorable ground and even made a pact with it and seems to now rule over her.

Fighting a supreme dragon, to draw it to a favorable state for him and then form a pact?

I thought he was strong but clearly the dimension of strong was completely different.

Seeing Shen-sama teasing Makoto-sama, “rule?” I want to tilt my head in doubt, but seeing Shen-sama’s form I can’t doubt it.

Blowing his face away and telling him to make her his wife, or, just a bit more and I would have been dragon steak.

I felt like I was hearing make believe stories.

But hearing Shen-sama explain in detail while laughing, somewhere inside my head I had already agreed with it.

Seeing Shen-sama drinking the valuable sake as if it were water, and the Makoto-sama who, unlike the time he was in the cave, was eating the meal without any restraint, I felt like I was inside a dream.

It’s a feast a feast.

And moreover it was a feast celebrating the problem was resolved.

To think I had such a future.

The drunk warriors then asked the guest of honor Makoto-sama and Shen-sama to stand in front and act out the fight for them.

It was a show of ability so it wouldn’t become a fight to death, but the intensity of it was thoroughly transmitted. It seems that Makoto-sama was having fun.

This time it was the girls that gave out requests but instead of a fight they suggested a dance.

Makoto-sama was receiving a warm reception by father, he had a face that couldn’t hide his happiness.

It was the best night of a lifetime.

I thought that, but the next day they did a best night of a lifetime again. I can’t believe it.

When Makoto-sama leaves his seat the celebration settles down a bit, but the enthusiasm still remained.

At this rate it will last until morning.

No doubt.

With a bitter smile I watch the surroundings and in that, at a bit separated place, I saw Shen-sama and father were talking with each other and decided to get closer.

What are they talking about?

“That’s how it is. Whether you tell it to everyone or not I leave it to you” (Shen)

“I see. Then that also means Makoto-sama had taken in the resentment of the sacrificed girls”

?!

What did he say?!

Avenge? But Shen-sama had said that she didn’t know the one who used her name.

What does this mean?

“Great master doesn’t take the trouble to say those kind of things” (Shen)

“I thank you. Let me once again express my gratitude”

“That is not needed. Though, I have a suggestion” (Shen)

“What could it be?”

“At the ends of the wasteland everywhere is dangerous. In it there are some fertile places, but they have already been fought over and disappeared” (Shen)

“That’s right. In the past we also had to fight for those fertile places and wore ourselves out. Judging that it was useless we decided to make a village here. Forced to protect the lands we have obtained, the days of never ending fights against the tribes will only continue”

“This may be a wise choice. Well, you see. Don’t you want to live in a more bountiful place?” (Shen)

“Is that, are you telling us to fight again?”

“No. When I made the pact with my liege I coincidentally found a nice plot of land. There is no one living in that place, and without my and masters’ permission it is impossible to enter it. The green is abundant and in my eyes it was an easy to live in place. How about it?” (Shen)

“Is Shen-sama inviting us to her sacred lands?”

A fertile land?

A secure place?

Sacred lands?

There was no signs of the topic about resentment but I couldn’t help but have an interest in what those two were talking about.

“Calling it a Sacred Land gives me shivers. Asora Akuja. Oh well, the naming doesn’t matter. From now on you will receive the protection of my master and as long as you devote your selves to him, I will provide you a rich land to live in. That’s how it is” (Shen)

“But that, we don’t know how much land there is and the place it is located”

Father seems to be at a loss.

It’s true that it would trouble him, to so suddenly say to abandon the village.

But, a land that is protected by Makoto-sama and Shen-sama.

That must be an incredible place.

“Fumu, you do have a point. Then, being the chief I will let you see it once, come”

————

As expected of Shen-sama she is fast, Father and Shen-sama were enveloped by a thick mist and disappeared.

Does that mean they have gone to that land?

To enter from the wind. It would certainly be a safe place.

I heard a gachigachi* (rattling) sound of teeth.

It was me.

An exciting and uplifting feeling.

It slowly began to accelerate inside of me.

By following Makoto-sama and serving him we would get a rich land and safe lifestyle.

How to say it, it was enticing.

It’s true that I still don’t know much about Makoto-sama but he is definitely not in the bad side.

A rich land, could it possibly be that kind of land that with just a little plowing, the seeds that we planted will grow?

If it were in the wasteland, without doubt everyone would fight for the land with bloodshot eyes.

That kind of place we could live in it by serving the Supreme Dragon Shen-sama and Makoto-sama.

The proposal of Shen-sama sounded incredibly appealing.

When father returns I must join in convincing him.

While I silently hardened my resolve, both of them had returned.

Father’s appearance looks strange.

But I have to convince him.

Without minding, I began walking to where both of them were, and then stopped.

“Fath-“ (Ema)

“Shen-sama. I will make sure to convince everyone by tonight. Please, let us live in that land!”

“Eh?” (Ema)

“Huh, Ema?”

I couldn’t feel the hesitation he had a few moments ago. The words of father requesting migration made me let out a stupefied voice.

“Fu, it seems your daughter also agrees. Can you pledge your loyalty to Misumi-sama?” (Shen)

“He is the savior of my daughter. From now on he will become the savior of our tribe. Please, let us serve under him!”

“My life was saved by him. To repay him is a given” (Ema)

“Fumu. Fine. Leaving convincing master for tomorrow, tonight you guys should properly put in order those noisy people” (Shen)

“Yes!”

“I got it!”

The next day.

It didn’t take long to accept the migration.

We decided to live a new live on the land that Makoto-sama and Shen-sama govern.

Wondering how bountiful the land is, everyone directed fervent glances to father.

I was looking forward to the everyday life that is to come.





Chapter 10 - Human settlement is still far


After that it has been 2 days. Anyhow, all day has been so rich that I feel like vomiting. I realized that my high school life was filled with peace and calm.



The highland orcs seemed to be adapting to Asora. In my afternoon breaks and in my evening meals at those two times I in the beginning had asked the current state of affairs and the situation from Ema-san and a few others.

There were no problems in all daily necessities, they are absurdly grateful. I myself haven’t done anything though.

Shen seems to be seriously trying to create a TV.

She is trying to create a device that can project memories. In the times we are taking breaks in Asora, she is wrinkling her mind and thinking.

Things like recordings, HDD and DVD’s unbelievably, she had some ideas about them and in an immediate judgment she went to get it. It was a transparent crystal that looked like it would have a name of its own. I could feel that it was clearly a high class good.

Her ability to act for some reason makes me have a bad premonition of the future.

By the way, are peoples’ memories something that can be converted to clear images? With that question in mind I asked Shen but.

Shen says that the thing called ‘memories’ people just forget the place they placed it, the recorded memories itself don’t deteriorate.

So that means that only she can interfere in the area that memories have not been lost.

It’s possible for her to drag out the memories that even the person itself has forgotten. What a useful power she has.

I am the ruler of the one that controls this power, Shen. I have prevented her to peak whenever she wants, I should be happy about that.

In all of that, I thought of the volcano that we would arrive soon to.

There seemed to be dwarfs there.

Finally humanoid types.

Shen is right now in humanoid form too though.

If they are how I imagine, they will have abundant beard and be blacksmiths. If that’s true I feel that Shen would go ask them to make her a katana. I pity them.

Watching the highland orcs being ordered by her and trying their best to sew a kimono for her, I felt like wanting to cry.

The plan of Shen to increase the population I have heard it before.

If we continue like this, by the time we exit the ends of the world I have an anxiety that we will end up with an army of end of the world races.

This place not only is it a famous area but it also covers a good ratio of the world, a wasteland that is called the ends.

In this coarse environment the ones living here are brutal demonic beasts or demi-humans who have a peculiarity or two.

Every race in here is used to living here and their combat power is to some extent high. If we were to take them out the power balance of the world would crumble.

“Well, taking into account that the dwarfs are using the volcanoes as their headquarters I think there will probably be no problems. I should just ignore the battle flags the best I can” (Makoto)

We have come up to this point and the dwarf people are not asking to be saved. And their living place is a volcano, yeah, a fitting place. It should be alright, should be alright.

Shen might do something but honestly, without a signal or anything like that I will feel goose bumps in my body no matter what.

The girl that tells me about a mirage city and old dramas, and the many other things that she wants to do, I just don’t have the energy to stop her.

Anyways, right now I am in a state of groping around. I don’t have a second objective after reaching the human settlement.

Even if I stay in Asora, all I basically do is train and confirm my power balance.

I am slumped really.

The power of using myself as the center and creating an area, I am continuing to inspect it in a positive manner.

As expected the scope and power work in an inverse proportion. And then, when activating it the maryoku around remains unchanged. Even Shen can’t feel when I activate it.

What a stealth, what a cheat. I will say it how many times, as expected of one of the Mikiko, who took all of his energy and generously gave it to me.

In reality, I have called an orc that has been injured, created a small area that fit two people and assigned a healing property to it. I could see the wound disappear before my eyes. The effectiveness was better than I thought.

When I made it so the area only covered me, I gave it an enhancement property and cut a tree with a knife. Without even finishing turning it properly, the trees and shrubs in the area were cut like butter.

Adding the enhancement using maryoku I was able to stop the sword of a highland orc warrior with my hands. The enhancement that utilized maryoku had a good affinity in my body, it felt really comfy to use it.

For the time being I decided to call it ‘Sakai’ (TL: Field) when I use it.

Right now I can only deploy it to one part of my body. Meaning that to use it for a direct attack there will be limitations to it.

I am like this so enhancement is fine.

I have also obtained a weapon.

Even if I say that, it was just some hurriedly made bow and a ceremonial dagger though.

It seemed like orcs didn’t use bows that much, so their village only had sorry excuses of bows.

It was better than nothing so I gratefully took them. It was a bow that I could use if I held back when pulling it so there were uses for it.

The brid that I used on Shen, I have practiced even more and if I had to use a weapon then I would go for that. Maybe it’s because I have begun to understand the meaning behind the aria in the incantations but I felt that the effects of the training have increased.

Could it be that the ‘comprehension’ that that bug gave me is more useful than I thought?

When I tried asking the one who taught me magic, Ema, she told me that she just chants the preset words and that she didn’t understand the meaning of them. That I could understand it, there is a possibility that it’s because of the power that that goddess gave me, ‘comprehension’.

Rather, from the things I received from the orcs, more than the bow, it was the dagger that they asked me to please receive that felt like a high level item.

It was an object filled with ornaments that was clearly not made by orcs.

The dagger was not to the point of being able to see through but it was a blue dagger that was clearly made from a metal that had high transparency. When I held it to the sunlight it was beautiful.

The handle and the blade were made from materials of quality. To be a metal it felt comfortable in my hands and if it was a stone, in the things I know I haven’t seen one as beautiful as it. They were mysterious materials.

Looking at the design, ornaments and patterns that were carved on the daggers blade the overall length of all of that combined would be 15cm. The edge part was from the front to back 30cm or so.

They told me it was for ceremonies or something like that so it’s probably a ceremonial dagger. It must be the one they call Athame knife.

Its cutting ability is also pretty good so I decide to use it in close quarter combat. Though I am a bit hesitant to swing it with all my strength. With its patterns and designs it was a beautiful piece of art after all.

The scabbard that was transparent and seemed to be made of a white material, in this part I could also see that there was delicate craftsmanship in it. I think it’s probably made of bone or something close to that.

For a dagger that is normally used it was really well made, I may have called it a ceremonial dagger but it had enough practical use. In moments of need I could even turn it to money so I should take good care of it.

“For now I will just have to move while cooperating with Shen. The problem is what I will do after I meet the hyumans and look around the world” (Makoto)

I spin around and around the index finger of my right hand. On the tip of it a ball with the 4 colors red, dark blue and yellow was spinning with it.

I tried combining all sorts of elements to the brid and produce it.

Well, this really had a wide range of uses.

Brid was originally a fire ball that you hit your opponent with but I tried putting properties such as spreading out like a buckshot. When I rearranged the aria it becomes a completely different skill.

Just by tampering with the effects of the brid and its process I could change it into any interesting skill I wanted.

It could be like the nature and arithmetic in its foundation or something like that.

In this several days I didn’t have anything to do so I was studying magic all the time and there existed a common formula for both light and brid.

I thought this a while ago but if the essence of brid’s aria is to summon fire then light summons light I suppose. Though, even if I changed the aria of ‘fire’ to ‘light’ it didn’t change to light. It must be that I still have more I need to comprehend.

The basics of the aria in healing magic has not been taught to me so I haven’t tried it out yet but just like this I may be able to change healing into detoxification.

I was certain that the magic aria was pre-established and was like the life of the magic so I was a bit scared to try it but this is a happy result.

To get an idea in the formula and to control it made me feel pleasant. In my previous world I was no good with the subject of science but one doesn’t know what will pick your interest in the future.

To see the fruits of your work by your own eyes is a fun thing to do. It would have been nice if I was like this at school.

Oops, it was again left with only the blue color and disappeared. Is the order yellow, red and black?

The green element of wind I couldn’t create it at all. It seems that my compatibility with it is the worst. But the element (or at least I think it is) of lightning I also couldn’t control it well.

I am checking my suitability in the elements and it seems that number one is blue. The water element. The next one is black, the dark element. Then its fire and last lightning. In terms of lightning I could feel I could slightly use it but to use it practically was still a long way to go.

There are also a few others but that water is number one there is no doubt.

Memo memo. Even if my maryoku is a cheat it looks like my element compatibility is not a cheat.

In Asora I passed my days in the tent practicing my magic.

When I thought I would help the orcs, Shen stopped me and now I have nothing else to do!

Tch… a day of this I will find an excuse and become free!

I have been set up as a feudal lord but I am not fit to be the type that overlooks the lower classes.

Moreover the houses are still in construction and we are now living in tents. I can’t even look like I’m living stylishly.

The highland orcs have brought their whole village with them so not counting those that had their houses damaged, everyone had a house of their own. Just Shen and I had to live in a tent.

In the tent I am in, for some reason there were pictures of old dramas series and projections all over the place. This is the doing of Shen.

“N?” (Makoto)

In those.

There were some images that had no relationship with old dramas.

“A picture of my family huh” (Makoto)

There was a picture of the whole Misumi family.

It was a picture that was taken in the entrance. I remember that dad every year would always cause trouble wanting to take one. We always ended up taking one though.

In reality they didn’t even let us go out with our friends on New Year’s Eve and New Year’s. It was an event that left us stumped. Well, mom could also be counted in this.

‘If you want to go out then invite your friends to our house’ is what they even said. It was like that in January and in Christmas. Wa wa, so nostalgic.

We were lined up in order, from the left it was dad, Yukiko-neesan, in the center my little sister Shinri, me and mom.

It’s the newest one. The picture that was taken this year.

“I see, this as well will not increase anymore. It’s the last picture huh” (Makoto)

This is bad. I thought I had already brought closure to this.

Even if my own precedence was low.

I could understand that humans didn’t live alone.

Thinking about the people around me and the future to come, I could feel lingering feelings of regret welling up inside me.

My family naturally, my friends in school, my comrades in the club.

“Stop stop! This kind of thinking is no good” (Makoto)

There is no meaning in thinking about it. I will only depress myself.

No, wait a second.

I see. If I am able to obtain a picture of my family like this.

“It would be interesting to use this picture to investigate what my family has done in this world” (Makoto)

What I should do after exiting the ends of the world. For now, I will just ignore the words of the goddess I have already decided to leave this wastelands.

Using this as a base I will ask someone to make a drawing of them and walk the tracks of my parents. If I get a picture of them it’s even better.

Oh, this is getting interesting.

I now know what I will do while travelling through the world. I shouldn’t get bored.

Okay, I have decided!

“Now that that is decided” (Makoto)

I should begin by finding a person that can draw well. First I will find an orc-san that seems to be able to draw a sketch. If that is no good then I will just find a hyuman to ask and request to draw it accurately.

I am deadly bad in my artistic talents so the choice of me drawing it was never there to begin with. The fine arts class was in my middle school, a subject of trouble.

Umumu. I have found something to do.

“It’s a bit fast but let’s depart today♫” (Makoto)

When I leave the tent I head to the exit gate that Shen had made. Even if I said gate it wasn’t that incredible of a construction, it was just a glittery mist.

“Master~” (Shen)

It’s Shen. Ah that’s right. I should give her a name soon.

She was so noisy that I suggested her to leave it just as Shen but she negated it with all she had. I don’t think it’s a bad name though.

Then taking into account her mirage connection, Phantom Illusion, twisting a bit, Dream Mirage. Is what I suggested one after the other but in an even more fearsome way she refused them all.

What is up with this flying lizard? In short you are telling me you want a Japanese styled name? You Japanese, no, Edo junkie.

If something that sounds similar is fine then should I give her the name Kiyohime?

Then then.

“O~ what is it? Are you going to leave soon?” (Shen)

I look at the direction where the voice comes from.

Over there was Shen.

There, she was carrying something that was clearly heavily injured and was densely covered in hair. A tall figured beauty was doing a princess carry to an old man that was covered densely in hair.

What a bizarre scene.

What a look.

I instinctively turn away my face.

Ah~ I was pretty eager to depart you know?

The troubles are okay for them to not come for a while right?! I have passed a boss battle and now it should be resting time right?!

“I think it’s better if you leave that for later” (Shen)

“Is that person the reason?” (Makoto)

Deeply unpleasant. I thought it was rude but I point my finger at the old man. Cause you know, it’s unpleasant!

“Yeah that’s right. What a keen eyesight” (Shen)

Shen seemed to not even be in a hurry.

“What is it this time?” (Makoto)

“An enemy raid” (Shen)

Suddenly she spouted nonsense.

Enemy raid~ Enemy raid~ is what she said?!

“Wait, isn’t this your world? Who are you saying will come?” (Makoto)

This is Asora. Another world inside another world.

How did it come to an enemy raid, really, I want you to explain me in a way I can understand please. You, the once snake.

Apologize to your pheasant and snake parents! (I think that is the origin of Shen)

“Well it’s a bit of a special one so. As always with a hungry appetite… Oh, it’s coming” (Shen)

“What are you saying as if it’s nothing?!” (Makoto)

“Master” (Shen)

You, answer my questions! Wait, master? Is she talking about me?

“There” (Shen)

“Eh?” (Makoto)

Black impressive legs that looked like CG were cracking the space in the area and were piercing, trying to penetrate it.

When a number of the legs penetrated through, in the darkness inside the big crack. I could see fangs that seemed to belong to an ant or a wasp.

It plunged at me who was in a daze.

“Trying to eat me again! Just how delicious do I look?!” (Makoto)

I screamed at the situation that looked the same as Shen’s.





Chapter 11 - What they call true nature


“Hey… this, are you serious?” (Makoto)

The tears inside my heart won’t stop.

It’s pretty big, even though it’s not to the level of Shen.

It doesn’t have body hair and has a smooth and solid outer shell.

More like, this living thing…

From what I know it shouldn’t have an outer shell.

The front part has hair growing out and looked pretty soft.

And moreover, it’s big. What would the overall length be? I have no way to measure it accurately but I feel that it’s more than a 4t truck, maybe♫

This pitch-black ‘spider’.

I truly felt the overpowering pressure like being in front of a giant truck. This is no joke.

“Oh? As always, it doesn’t show a single trace of sanity. It looks like its happy there is a lot to eat” (Shen)

Shen lively laughs. She is making fun of it. Really, what a carefree attitude.

“You are composed huh! Can I just leave you to deal with it?!” (Makoto)

“Impossible. I don’t want to fight with this hunger controlled thing. Also I don’t have a katana so I can’t fight!” (Shen)

“Don’t say stupid things!!!” (Makoto)

You don’t even need a katana!! What happened to your specialty, water magic? Your mist? Your illusions?

I haven’t seen it yet but, you certainly told me that you were good with wind as well?!

“This is regrettable” (Shen)

“Don’t use a serious face as if you were surprised!” (Makoto)

All of its legs are swung at blinding speeds. They are tricky movements and sometimes the fangs would come as well.

It’s already decided that I will be the first prey huh!

“Be relieved, I will do my best to protect the land and the orcs. And this dwarf too” (Shen)

And Shen continued.

“So just defeat and send away that spider that only rages around since ancient times, master” (Shen)

As if she doesn’t even doubt my victory Shen said so.

Give me a break.

This giant black spider isn’t giving me chance to rest. Must be because it wants to eat me as fast as possible. The saliva it’s scattering around is really unpleasant.

“A black thread?!” (Makoto)

The thread it was spitting out was jet black. When I evade it the thread became a bunch on the ground. If I step on that I may be out. At least I don’t want to try it.

However, what is this thing?

“Oi, Shen-san!!” (Makoto)

“You are pretty carefree-ja na, as expected of my master” (Shen)

“This thing, just what in the world is it?!” (Makoto)

“I don’t know its name. Just that since ancient times it was there and it’s a thing that simply devours-ja” (Shen)

I already knew the name of Shen from the beginning. Though I thought that she was a Hamaguri (TN: common orient clam).

Now that I think about it, this is another world. It may not even be a name I have heard before.

Honestly, a spider god or a demonic beast that has been rampaging since ancient times, I have no clue about it right now.

If it’s from a famous book inside my mind it would be Arachne and Tsuchigumo though. But it doesn’t seem to be the case.

If I know its name I may be able to make counter-measures.

Now, what will be effective against this fellow? I can tell that darkness will do no good. Its black and its thread is pitch black as well.

If it’s a bug-type its fire right?

Ge!! It’s fast! As expected of a spider!

Using a gap in the time I was thinking, a claw that I was unable to evade closed in. I slid in my dagger in between my body and the claw.

Gakin!!!!

An ear piercing sound rang out.

“Gu… it hurts!” (Makoto)

The attack sent me flying but the pain that I felt was in my head. In short, don’t block a claw with a dagger.

However, even when the claw scraped the dagger the other side seemed to have received no damage.

That means that if I continue doing this it would be strange to find an effective way to handle it.

Then a [brid] or enhancing the Athame to increase its attack strength!

Changing the [brid] aria in the middle of it, a red light envelops the Athame.

On top of that, I ‘finish’ a [brid] and leave it hovering in the air. Leaving it in a standby mode without shooting it I will supply it with maryoku. It felt like a charged shot and could be used at any moment in time.

The flinging claws. Fangs. The scattering about saliva.

As expected, there is no time to indulge in my own thoughts.

That it’s starving to its utmost limit seems to be true. And because of that it is eating everything in the world.

Since the time it was born this fellow’s hunger has never been satisfied. Leaving aside how agonizing that must be.

I won’t let it eat me. That’s the truth of me right now.

Even if I try to talk with it, the only thing I could hear from it are groans.

It must be in a state where it practically has no sanity. That’s heartbreaking. I can’t understand its meaning, it’s just a wail.

Right, right, wipe, diagonal slash, left jab, fang from the front!

And then right!

Just as I predicted!

So that my dagger can reach the inner part of its claws I do a step forward. To target the lining in the sharp claws joint section.

I use the 1 person enhancement [Sakai]. Enhancing my body using the maryoku inside of me! Good, I was able to do both of them successfully.

“Deryaaaaaa!!” (Makoto)

If I can make a counter in this state, no matter what I will be able to wound it, it should!

“Oh?” (Makoto)

A dumbfounded voice came out of my mouth.

Without any resistance. I sliced off the giant spider’s leg from the inside.

It was easier than I thought it would be. Eh, could it be that even though it looks like that, it’s actually pretty soft?

“GYEIEEEEEEEE!”

Maybe it was because of the unexpected pain it felt, with its 7 legs left it retreated back.

Of course, I also stepped and arrived behind it.

With how it’s going it will be an easy victory?

“Uuuu”

When the compound eyes found me it sprung on me at once! A jump! A spider jump, scary!!

The attack just now didn’t restraint it at all!

“te, ueeeeeee?!” (Makoto)

While spitting out thread in midair.

The leg that was supposed to have been cut by me.

That thing grew a new one and began to attack me with it.

What recovery power!

But as ever, it was just fast but its attacks were simple.

“How about this!!” (Makoto)

Evading the whole claw that came at me I at the same time unleash a counter.

Slicing off four of its legs they flew off and in a second they became black dust and disappeared.

Not being able to even jump properly, in a half-baked place the spider just stared at me stupidly.

As usual, in those compound eyes I couldn’t feel the light of its will anywhere. It must be completely controlled by its starvation and driven to madness.

“With this please let it end!!” (Makoto)

With the red light that is still remaining on the Athame I synergize it with the new [brid] I created from my left hand.

I can tell that I can’t control it for a long period of time. I point that unstable dagger and release it. From the dagger a stretching red light spread out and just as aimed, it lobbed right in the inside of its mouth!

After that, I throw in midair the [brid] that has been charging power and smash it onto the stomach of the spider!

Ending up like a cross-fire, both of the arrows seemed to have hit right on the target and had skewered the spider.

And for the sake of not getting caught up in the explosion that was about to occur I stepped aside.

With all this it shouldn’t be able to get out of it unwounded right?

Checking out the results of the attack I stare at the spider that was skewered by the [brid] that had converted into a lance.

“Ho~ it has become even more of a nonsense power. Your reaction speed and strength foundation deviates heavily from the norm so even without technique it still goes up to this level. Well, you have done well. With this it should return home” (Shen)

Shen was talking to me not like her master but more like I am her disciple. I, I wish for some respect. I can’t even feel honorific speech in it.

A crimson red explosion spreads out from the body of the spider.

‘Good, with this…’ it’s an explosion that can make me think that.

The whole body of the spider was convulsing. More like, I am surprised that it still has its shape.

But it does seem that it has ended. I determine my victory after watching my unmoving opponent. Compared to the time with Shen, I finished this one pretty calmly. Is this what they call experience?

No, it was because the enemy was maddened and its attacks had become one-patterned. So it may have been different if it were composed.

As a result, counting Shen, I have now gone through two boss fights. I have most likely leveled up by now.

“ihya”

Eh? What was that just now?

“Hyahaaaa~♫”

I feel a cold run down my spine. It wasn’t a simple fear or a fear of being unaccustomed to fights. What is it, this feeling?!

“Master, could it be…” (Shen)

“Wait, what, Shen-san. What is that unpleasant feeling?” (Makoto)

“It must have liked that you were so excessive♫” (Shen)

What kind of M is that! An inborn nature?!

“wa, wa wa wa, wa wa wa wa wa”

“ihyaihyaihyaihyaihya…”

I stare at Shen and the black spider that seemed to have made a complete recovery and was doing strange voices.

“What the hell is this?! I don’t want this!!!” (Makoto)

While I am finishing the aria of [brid] I shake my head and close my eyes to the fight that seemed like it will never end.

——

“Ha~ Ha~”

The spider was in front of me.

It was going bikunbikun (TN: an SFX) and trembling.

Ah~ but I have already understood the meaning of this trembling.

Even if the eight legs have been skewered and its freedom has been lost.

Its torso, stomach, head, even if I have skewered a number of this places.

It didn’t die and it wasn’t trembling because of fear and pain.

There is probably some damage dealt.

No, I wish there is.

The trembling from this fellow was because of happiness.

“I pray that I am not entering in the world of the S but, aren’t you just way too tough?” (Makoto)

“To think this fellow would be so persistent. Just what is wrong-ja with it?” (Shen)

Shen is also amazed by it.

She had met with it before but they weren’t able to communicate properly and before receiving any damage she retreated.

In short, it was because she recognized her opponent as one of the calamities. That’s why she must have thought it would be a perfect training partner. Super Spartan. I am going to cry.

Naturally, I haven’t heard such laughter before.

Then.

This happy opponent (It’s happy, if it’s not then this is severe) just what in the world is it?

The fire lance slowly becomes smaller.

It has been something like this for a while.

It is being absorbed. Slowly.

Receiving the damage and then absorbing it. What a disadvantageous efficacy. I don’t understand it.

But in reality this fellow has been doing that over and over and it’s still living.

In a sense it means that it has something close to absorption. How annoying.

Even if I smash its head it won’t die. It didn’t seem to have a place that looked like a vital point.

“a, aha, ha~…”

It sounded refreshed. It must have finished healing, no, absorbing huh~.

Smoothly.

All of the lances that were skewered in its body were being swallowed into its body.

And now? Will it still come jumping at me?

The trembling of happiness as it chewed suddenly stopped.

Yes yes.

It’s fine if I just smash you until you die right? Geez~

I understand it’s an abandonment way of thinking but against this absurd opponent, don’t joke with me.

“Geez, this worlds big guys are always so…” (Makoto)

The last part couldn’t even come into words anymore. The gaze of Shen seemed to be slightly strayed.

I take my stance once more.

“Hiaaaaaa~♫”

Eh?

Its legs, no, claws?

Are

Stretching?

“You must be kidding me!!!” (Makoto)

This is bad!

It is so sudden it’s just wrong?!

The sense of distance is completely different!

I can’t dodge it!

A continuous attack of claws, claws, claws.

Ge, this fellow, using its leg it is lifting up my arms?! This is unfair, at this point in time you are now doing mind plays!

One of the legs rams onto my abdomen.

“ga, fu!” (Makoto)

I slightly build up [sakai] into the center of my stomach. The building up is defense. Anyways, without thinking about its effects I just made it to protect.

I could feel a slight flexibility and then a feeling of penetrating.

It didn’t perforate me but it stung me a bit. Just like that, the extending claw smashed me into the trees.

Breaking several trees, my body was finally pressed to one of the trees.

“Kaha!!” (Makoto)

Tte hey. Are you telling me you won’t even let me breathe?!

From the black spider an extended claw approached as if being drawn in, this time surely, I will not be able to evade it.

The face or the neck. Any of those places is no joke!

No good I will be eaten!!

I turn away my face in desperation.

“Tsu~u~u~u! Ah!”

A burning sensation comes from the top of my shoulders. It seems I got away from getting my face eaten but it seems my shoulder was done in.

“Fu~u~u! Afu~u~u~u~u~u ♪”

Hey.

What are you sucking my blood so happily for?

Puchin.

Watching myself like that.

Somewhere far away I understood that I could shake off my own emotions.





Chapter 12 - Shen, while regretting, obtains a lifetime partner.


~Shen POV~

Wow, to think this black spider was such a scary thing.

Without being concerned about getting hit by the gigantic maryoku of my master multiple times and moreover having its legs cut more than a hundred times.

With its perverted level of regeneration it recovers every time and not learning its lesson assaults master.

It definitely never learns.

It would be fine if master runs out of energy but… this really is a fight without beauty.

Just now it was swallowing the 10 lances of fire and trembling in happiness.

Even so, if I fought the present master I honestly don’t think I would be able to beat him.

In that sense, this fellow is pretty good.

Oh~

It has begun stretching its limbs. As expected of the incarnation of darkness. It means that its body is like a shadow huh.

Master is clearly surprised by it and in one breath it became a defensive fight.

It hasn’t changed its simple-pattern attacks but it seems that because of its excitement, the body doesn’t stop. Umu, it’s really an instinctive beast.

I wanted for him to gain as much experience as possible so I left it alone but it seems this is as far as it goes.

So, should I ask you to leave this world?

It happened just the moment I thought that.

In the blink of an eye master got crucified into a tree and got bitten by that spider.

Blood. It seems I have been a spectator for too long. I am sorry master I will soon treat you…??

“Mu, this is?” (Shen)

It looked like master was trying to do something. Interesting. Are you telling me you still have something up your sleeve? How frightening.

In the space master and the spider were, an explosion occurred.

The distance between both of them opened.

Being released from the claws master was already standing on his two legs.

On his sides were 4 deep crimson balls. They automatically draw to their utmost and turn into arrows and launched in turns. The moment one shot through the spider another one would soon come after.

The result.

Without any pause the red arrows, no they were practically spears already, were piercing the spider one after the other. The fire ball that was in midair in standby and was charging energy was like that but the ones here were what?

It’s most likely a magic that in the middle of activating it he changed the process of its aria. He must have set a second step trigger on it.

In short, as long as the user doesn’t run out of maryoku he is freely able to manipulate it however he wants. In the ranks of supreme dragons there is one who does something similar to this but to see the magic of a human is a first. That fellow’s magic was so complicated that just watching it made my head hurt but…

How was he able to make such a magic out of the elementary magic [brid]?

In the memories of master there was something called game and a window appeared where you could highlight your skills. Does he possess that?

When I tried to ask him to explain it to me he said: “I don’t have such a convenient thing given to me!” and got angry.

However, that thing is unbeatable. That fellow will receive damage but in the end it will swallow it and recover itself.

Well, before its able to grow them again it’s already pierced though.

And the attacks from master also prevent him from moving from his place.

But the next moment, a freezing sensation ran through all of my body. That’s right, this is like the time when I slipped in the mist and had certainly captured master. Its fear.

Master was preparing its bow in the middle of that attack.

No, ‘it looked like that’

In reality he was only moving his body as if he were carrying a bow.

But in that vigor I certainly caught a glimpse of a bow with my eyes.

The red attacks wouldn’t stop. In other words, the magic was still in effect. I don’t know if the five automatic battery became a single collective spell or he is activating them individually but the attack he is about to release was not on equal to those, I could see that it was concentrated to its utmost limits.

Master extended his left hand out and in his right hand he was holding the ceremonial dagger as if it were an arrow.

I could see a blue light. I could faintly see a blue mist lingering around him and it was as beautiful as an illusion.

“So he was holding back” (Shen)

I was sure that he was going serious already.

Right now the maryoku that was being knit and collected could not be compared to just a few moments ago. Its attribute was also different. It’s most likely water. It seems to be the attribute that fits master the most.

I think that maybe it is actually not that. The compatibility of master with water is simply because of his pact with me. I think he originally had another strong point and it is something that naturally shows up.

I see.

The current attack is not only using the maryoku inside his body but it’s also using the maryoku in the surroundings. Before, he had only been using the maryoku inside of him. And even that, he has a lot.

Master must have been considerate on the fights in this world and the use of the maryoku in it.

It seems he has given up on that. He is planning on blowing everything up. He is being controlled by his emotions but his calm face doesn’t seem to change.

Then no matter the result, with this I will call it a close.

Don’t worry, I won’t interrupt.

I will clearly watch your attack, master.

It was released. The dagger that was in his hands become the core of the magic. Separating from master’s hand it became a blue light and accelerated directly to the spider.

That dagger wasn’t just a dagger for etiquette?

In the middle of the tyrannical fire, one string of blue pierced the body of the spider.

And the red lights also stopped.

No.

The blue string in a single breath became big and swallowed everything around it. Even the whole body of the big framed spider.

It was so strong it made the whole world tremble. The air and the earth trembled as if in fear.

Before long the light slowly settled down.

A slightly far away rock mountain had become rubbles and it had signs of a spider there.

It looked as if only its shadow was remaining.

Awawawawawa. This… I could only laugh at it.

That kind of attack.

I confirm it. The attack just now would even slaughter a dragon.

Leaving aside my ‘invincible’ name, there are a number of supreme dragons that boast on their defensive capabilities.

If it is an acquaintance it would be the sand wave, Zanami. But even that fellow if it received such an attack it would become a fatal wound.

Master with a face that looked like it had lost all its vitality, slowly tottered to the shadow of the spider that was remaining there.

Is it to retrieve his dagger?

“Has your stomach filled up you pervert?” (Makoto)

But just saying that must have taken his all because his face turned blue and he toppled over.

Using that much maryoku, well it is the obvious result. His physical strength must be at his limit as well.

No other choice. Let’s carry him.

It was the moment I thought that.

“Wha?!”

The shadow become solid in a second and had revived. Impossible, it is an attack that not even a supreme dragon would be able to take you know?!

Even if that spider is an incarnation of darkness it shouldn’t be able to endure it!

If I hurry… I wouldn’t make it. The distance is too much.

And without doing a single movement of preparation it jumped onto the body of master who couldn’t move anymore.

No good! This is what they call an error of a lifetime!

This is bad this is bad this is bad!!

What?

That fellow… its rubbing its body on him and not trying to eat or kill him?

“Ahaaaa~”

It’s happy again! This is truly a pervert!

“Delicious~!!!!!”

“Wa?” (Shen)

What did it say? Delicious?

“The best, you are the best! My insides are filled! This is a first for me~~~!!”

W-What is happening?

That spider is saying something. Nono, more than that, this one had reason?

“Wonderful wonderful wonderful! So painful, so delicious, so pleasurable! This is the first time someone has shown me all this!!”

There is no doubt that it is its inborn nature. If it’s possible I don’t want to get close to it in a lifetime but I can’t say that right now. I feel that instead of his life his chastity was more in danger.

“I am sorry to interrupt you while you are happy but, can I have a moment?” (Shen)

“I will never let you go! I have decided to always, always be with youuuuu!

Master, I’m sorry. This Shen has really done an error of a lifetime. I have involved you with an unbelievable fellow-ja.

I have prepared myself to accept even your stylish names.

It didn’t want to stop. Moreover, it is not hearing a single word of me.

“Oi, pervert! Hear me!” (Shen)

I kick the spider off while apologizing to master.

“Ah it hurts! Wait. What are you doing?”

“I am sorry but you see, I want to let master rest. Long timed black spider” (Shen)

“Who are you?”

“Just because I have changed my form you don’t recognize me. It’s Shen. Supreme dragon Shen” (Shen)

“I don’t know you. I haven’t been able to think about anything up until now because my stomach was starving. More like, master? What kind of relationship do you have with this gentleman?”

The issue you are preoccupied is that. Incredible.

Well I don’t know the reason of why it has continued to starve to its utmost for so long.

“Well it was just a few days ago though. I made a pact with this man. So we are connected by the pact we have made…” (Shen)

In the middle of my words I was left dumbfounded.

Killing intent. Suddenly we turn to this huh.

“Huun~, so you have made a pledge huh. I see, I understand. I at least have knowledge of a pact so, then I just need to kill you and make it again right?” (Yandere Spider)

Its common sense is different. Even I wouldn’t think that way.

“Wait, wait for a moment. In a pledge I wouldn’t call him master” (Shen)

What a short circuited spider. It must be because it doesn’t have much brain tissue. Being a relative of bugs and all. Though there have been lots of times that a spider’s brain could be compared to that of a bug.

Well, you know. It only uses it to hunt its prey so no matter how much it had it wouldn’t be important.

“Uaaah. Then a parent-child pact? So you are the child?” (Spider)

A tone of voice that tells me that it finds it unbelievable. Well that’s of course. It is normal that when we make a pact with a hyuman that wouldn’t happen. But master is a ‘human’ after all.

“No, it’s ruling-ja. I am what you would call a slave. 80-20 ruling pact. That’s why I have this form-ja” (Shen)

I show off my human body to it. For this fellow it is surely an enviable thing.

After all, only when you are human-shaped can you wear a kimono and wield a katana. And in reality, my power has increased so I feel excellent. I already have no regrets of abandoning my dragon body.

“Ruling?! You, you are supposed to be a supreme dragon right?” (Spider)

“Don’t repeat it. It hurts me a bit. More like, don’t you understand? What this relationship means” (Shen)

“… it means, that?” (Spider)

With a little time it was able to understand what I was saying huh. For an idiot, no, it isn’t that stupid huh.

“Umu, imagine being followed around by a pervert like you. Master’s heart will break in a second” (Shen)

Well, what it is trying to do right now is not that much different though.

But it is better… better… right?

“But what about his agreement?” (Spider)

“That’s just how it is” (Shen)

“You are really a slave?” (Spider)

“Of course-ja. If he so wants I would even become his attendant you know?” (Shen)

“No. I will be doing that first” (Spider)

“I get it. But the one who will have its name given first will be me. This one I won’t let you have it” (Shen)

Just this one I will not give in. The one who receives the name first has more seniority.

“Then it’s okay right? That I, with this person…” (Spider)

“Yeah it’s okay. Just do it already” (Shen)

“Ufufufu, thanks. Senpai~♫” (Spider)

A pact ceremony spell that I saw not that long ago was now surrounding the body of the spider and master’s body.

To have a contract with another one is something that has never been seen before but the pact seems to proceed without any problems.

But will it really suffice with ruling? Also there is more freedom on master than when he did with me.

Taking this fellows character it will go for the same rank. But, freedom? The increase in maximum capacity of maryoku normally doesn’t happen though? Does that mean the spider will end up in a lower rank than me?

To think that, is natural. My uneasiness doesn’t disappear though. It is master after all.

I check out once more the color of the pact. Red is the ruling pact. It’s confirmed huh.

The incarnation that has been devouring everything since ancient times, that black spider.

It slowly shrinks its figure and inside the red light, I see the shape of a person.

Now it was my turn to be surprised.

“I will serve you for a lifetime-wa. My master-sama” (Spider?)

“Wa” (Shen)

My admiration didn’t subside.

A truly glossy gloss black hair was flowing.

Her seductive and womanly figure was being shown without a single thread on her body.

In accordance to the ruling pact, it became human shaped and has formed a pact with my master, Misumi Makoto.

Yareyare, he really is a person that will never bore me. My master.

I also wanted black hair.





Chapter 13 - The garden seems to have increased its level


Persist, me.

Presently I am facing a sudden turn of events that I can’t understand, and for now I have tried to encourage myself.

Asora has clearly gotten bigger. It has become more and more into something I can’t understand.

Wow.

At the horizon I can see a pitch-black forest. That place was supposed to be a green prairie before. Moreover, another forest was made close to our vicinity.

Also, a river that looked like it was here from the very beginning, was now flowing. It traversed to the distance and crossed the orcs village and continued heading downstream to somewhere. Maybe there is a sea in the end?

It’s not an optical illusion.

I investigated but, physically the topography had expanded and changed as well. The wall that was in the far away distance of Asora, now I have to use [Sakai] to be able to see where it is. The water flow disappears somewhere inside it so in the future it may become even bigger.

The size may even compete with Hokkaido. I said whatever came to mind. But I think that this place is just too vast to call it a prefecture.

In its entirety, I get the impression that the vegetation and water has increased. I am worried that more and more it feels like the lands of Japan. There is no houses or paddy fields but it’s just the atmosphere.

J-Just how unstable is this place. Seriously this place, is it safe to reside in it?

And then, I lifted up my hands and breathe in. Because I recalled it.

——

I woke up in the tent that the orcs had prepared for me.

When I did that, a woman with black hair was beside me, bowing while pressing three fingers on the floor.

In a horribly awkward silence, the girl lifts her head up.

“Thanks for the meal, master-sama. Thanks to you I have tasted the experience called full stomach for the first time since I was born♫”

With tears surfacing, she said these words in great joy.

I don’t understand the situation at all.

“Wait for a second, stay there” (Makoto)

I ignored the girl that was saying something and one-sidedly said so, and for now went out of the tent.

I was just planning to calm down but in that place I was faced with even more disorder.

Damn Asora, what is so fun in driving me to a corner when I am already in a confusing situation. If you are going to change the scenery I want you to at least tell me beforehand.

But, I can’t seem to find an escape to this situation. The time is already late huh, it seemed like no one was close. I have no choice but to return to where that girl is.

Let’s return.

“Welcome back”

The only person I can talk to is with this beautiful woman. There is no other choice so I decided to ask her a number of things.

??

That girl was the spider.

It was that full throttle perverted black thing. It eats magic, no matter how much I cut it it regenerates, over that, I could only end in agony.

To my surprise, she told an incomprehensible thing as “I have made a pact” and deeply lowered her head.

Pact. From the words I thought it was something that needed the approval of both parties but.

In reality, it looks like it doesn’t matter. It may be that there is something, but I don’t understand at all.

Maybe she took my thumb print while I was sleeping and that worked, I really doubt the rules of this world. Ah, I see. That goddess was the one who decided them. Then there is no remedy.

With my intuition I began approving the words of the girl.

I could feel that everything was beginning to connect.

I understood.

You can’t cancel it and there is no cooling-off. It is an extremely unaffectionate system to the related party.

“So, tying all that I have said, that I am right now in human form and restraining in front of you is because of the great favor you have given me. I have, for the first time, felt a sensation different from starvation. In all of my life that is to come I will offer you both my heart and body to serve under you” (Spider)

It must be her true feelings. I can’t imagine the times when she was just a spider driven by her instincts but this was surely not a lie.

Besides, if I make the conversation turn worse, I would have to face random encounters with this hungered lady. For who knows how many times.

I don’t want to do that again. I really don’t want to. I have, for the first time, experienced facing a bulldozer.

That’s why I nodded. It is the first rule of reality.

Uooooo!! In this world there are too many forced events, and the development is way too fast!

This is weird, I had confidence in my skill to walk smoothly in the world though. After all, it was only the self-confidence of a high school student, ‘a frog in a well’ is what you could say.

“By the way, where is Shen?” (Makoto)

I could tell that this is my own tent.

It must be late at night right now.

I heard that the time of Asora is connected with the outside so there is no doubt.

“If its Shen she is outside on standby”

E, I was sure that there was no killing intent but.

I check my surroundings.

All of a sudden, there is. The one that is just outside the entrance is Shen without doubt.

It is so late in the night and she is outside on standby huh. She may have some business with me but, I can’t help but have a bad feeling about it.

The times where she has brought me something that I would feel happy about are practically none.

But.

To have been here until now and waited until I woke up. I couldn’t just leave her abandoned there.

“Could you call her?” (Makoto)

“Yes, danna-sama” (TN: a really flirtatious way to call someone, its like calling you hubby)

“Bu!!” (Makoto)

Danna-sama?! What danna-sama?!

Just a moment ago you were calling me master-sama were you not?! I don’t like that one either though?

A woman, that for some reason had a strangely transparent black cloth that showed her figures body line, stood up without making a sound.

Well~ she is refined isn’t she?

Wait no!

No good, if I brought these two followers to a town.

Conspicuous.

It will be super ultra-conspicuous.

With feelings anew I watch ane-sama and black hair from the entrance.

Bob haircut and the color is jet black. Slightly lifted up long slit eyes.

A white skin that could be mistaken for porcelain, brilliant lips.

It’s a beautiful girl that could be thought of as Japanese. Well as usual, she is taller than me. But still, not as tall as Shen.

I have been thinking this at the times of Shen and Ema as well but, why is it that the ones that approach me are not human?

Now that I think about it, she greeted me bowing but I haven’t heard her name.

Should I call her nameless? Or maybe number two?

Names that should fit both beautiful girls, not names that should go for unpleasant persons.

A name, I have to think of a name. If I continue to call them like this, their disposition may come to light after all.

Talking about disposition, if Shen decides to bring in an enemy to Asora and make me fight it again, I have to think of a suitable place to do it so the residents in here don’t get affected by it.

If that’s how things are, there is a need to talk with Shen about Asora.

Also, the city creation has not taken proper form yet but we have to plan for the future and think about the size of it as well.

There is a lot to do. A mountain of it.

And also the luggage I brought with me when I was transported here.

It could be clearly said that it has had zero use.

Why did I even bring books here? When I search in my memories, thanks to Shen the books I had in my room were all taken away anyways! I thought I had made a good choice but, it just makes me tear up.

The diary and the pen are doing a great job though, but the need for it is as expected, low.

Name, examination, lands, name, examination, lands…

From where should I begin?

The one I can take care of immediately is the name. Okay then, I will begin from this one.

And while I am at that I will inspect the surroundings of Asora and look at this worlds actual constructions. And then the plan of city creation.

Well, beginning from the orcs vicinities, I should just leave a space between villages and it will be fine. Until the city’s planning is properly established there is no need to rush.

The hands of the orcs are also full with just trying to stabilize their own village. Isn’t that right? Shen is not doing anything excessive right?

At any rate, if I leave everything to Shen I feel that she will actually try recreating Edo or Kyoto and that is really scary.

Just like in the ancient times or in the medieval times of my world, she would work them like horses without consideration.

A riot in Asora is seriously no joke.

“O~ master, you have woken up” (Shen)

“Yeah, somehow. It seems that I have done a new pact but, what were you doing?” (Makoto)

“Of course, I was helping with the pact. It is a lot better than being eaten right? Also, if we don’t do a pact or kill it and just leave it alone, in the times to come, we wouldn’t know when it would jump on us” (Shen)

Saying this, Shen points at the girl that was once a spider.

It’s true that I wouldn’t want that. That is one of the reasons I accepted this pact.

Well, Shen is that… whatever grows, it goes.

“I have been blessed as a loyal retainer and am happy” (Spider)

Shen smiled like saying ‘it’s not that much’ while the spider was like ‘I am so happy-desu’ with her face colored.

Neither of them notice a speck of my ill will.

“And, what is it that you need me for? That you are here at this hour must be because of some business right?” (Makoto)

“Oh, that’s right. Hey, it’s fine now” (Shen)

She faces towards the entrance and makes a beckoning gesture.

The one that came in was the fuzzy haired guy.

O~. This very short and stout body.

It’s a person that is shorten than me! And its face is normal! From what I think!

Oo~ in this world there is someone that is the same normal as me.

Now I remember, before the spider appeared, Shen was doing princess carry to someone like this.

“Dwarf?” (Makoto)

Shen, the spider girl and dwarf(?) change their facial expression at the same time.

“That’s right, you are really insightful-ja no” (Shen)

Shen came in as the representative and praised me. The dwarf-san seemed to be surprised that I knew of its race. The spider was nodding.

Are dwarfs a rare race?

“And furthermore, it’s not a simple dwarf! It’s an ancient race that has made sacred treasures and legendary tools, a dwarf that has the name of elder-yo” (Shen)

N?

Does it mean it’s an impressive dwarf?

Well, it should be rare.

When I tried to think for a bit, the dwarf took a step forward and brought me back to reality.

“It is an honor to meet you. As you have said, I am a dwarf-de gozai masu. I am truly grateful that you have saved me” (Dwarf)

“A, don’t worry. My name is Misumi Makoto. Call me Makoto please. Um…” (Makoto)

“I am sorry for my rudeness!!!! I am called Beren” (Beren)

“Thanks for your courteousness. So, Beren-san. That I have saved you, if my memory serves right, it was Shen that saved you though” (Makoto)

“Mu? That’s not it. The moment he was about to be eaten I just brought him to Asora though” (Shen)

Shen, that was silent and just listening, had interrupted.

No well, it is normal to think you have saved him with that.

“Yes. Shen-sama brought me here to hide from that giant spider and…” (Beren)

He cuts off for a moment. Beren looks at the girl and makes a complicated expression. He was attacked by her so it’s no surprise.

In a space of it I could feel the eyes of him seeing her as if finding fault. That it was only for a second is as expected from his thick facial expression. Even though it was a person who tried to eat him not too long ago.

“And that giant spider, you have taken care of it. I have heard that its curse has been lifted and it has turned into that girl over there” (Beren)

Moshimoshi? (TL: Hello?)

It was just a spider that was starving right? Why did it become a fairy tale like that Shen?

I talk to her with my eyes.

Well, master-yo. With this it would be resolved swiftly wont it? And it seems we will be able to make these dwarfs our comrades.

No, you see. You only want to make a katana right?

They were almost going to be eaten so they should not have any objections-yo. This is just fine.

The eye exchange ends.

Ku… What a wicked woman. I feel a bit of pity for this dwarf.

When I look at Beren-san, he seemed to have noticed my gaze and continued his talk.

“That spider has, since ancient times, devoured everything and then disappears. It was an entity that could be called Calamity. In the past it past devoured works from us and the orcs” (Beren)

So you even eat metal. Everything is fine with you huh!

When I look at the girl that was once a spider, the thin waist Japanese beauty turns bashful. So it’s true.

But it really might be better to just leave the story as it is. As the dwarfs are going to be staying here, it would be best that they think the spider has turned a new flower.

Well, it’s fine.

He seems to still want to continue to talk. Let’s hear him out.

“And so, I have a favor to ask of Makoto-sama, who possesses such a domain” (Beren)

What is it? Another event flag? I want to seriously head to the town though.

“What could it be?” (Makoto)

“We live in the wasteland and we produce tools for others. That we live in such a dangerous place is for the sake of protecting our creations from usurpers such as the black spider. But, that place is just way too barren” (Beren)

That it’s safe there, it is safe. That place is hard to locate and the ones that try to infiltrate the place are few.

That’s why there are few who would try to steal from them. And it also seems that Shen didn’t even know that the dwarfs had a stronghold there.

Taking off the fact that it’s a barren land, that place is safe.

“You are right. The treasures may be safe but the food and materials seem to be scarce” (Makoto)

“Yes. And so, the request I am talking about is…” (Beren)

I stay silent. Well, with how the conversation has moved I already know where he is trying to lead it to though.

“Will you please accept us here?” (Beren)

Yeah. Compared to the wasteland, this place is safe and has materials too.

Furthermore hereafter, with the migration of other races, the knowledge and goods should increase.

And the ones supervising this world, Shen and the spider that was once a threat. Also, me.

There is no need to say it.

Shen is super happy that it wasn’t only one person, she gets to migrate their whole race. It is good that Beren-san doesn’t see it. I have never seen such a happy face on her.

A girl that has a figure of a Japanese and a calm bearing, slightly licked her lips with her tongue. She also looked as if it was delicious, I mean, she looked happy as well. I have to tell her that she can’t eat the products.

“It is fine” (Makoto)

“Immediate response?!” (Beren)

“Well, we do have land so. If you are able to coexist with the orcs then you are free to do whatever” (Makoto)

“T-That is, of course” (Beren)

It’s a face like saying ‘is it fine with just that?’ But well, if it’s just living here, I have no big issues with it.

“Also, to cooperate with the construction of the city. Supply us with tools. And, in the future we will also be requesting land rent. By the way, I will have you guys acknowledge that the lord of this place is master” (Shen)

Shen begins to give out additional requirements one after the other.

This fellow actually had all of the conditions prepared beforehand.

“A city huh? The tools and land rent is a matter of course. I don’t mind” (Beren)

It seems that this Asora looks really comfortable to live in for him. I had the image that dwarfs were pretty stubborn people but Beren that is right in front of me seems to be an understanding person.

He continuously accepts all of the conditions Shen is putting out.

“That’s right-ja. We are planning on creating a city in the future. Of course, I don’t mind it if you guys want to bring in your village over here” (Shen)

“That… sounds pretty interesting. On the other side of the mist there is a bountiful land and a city huh. Truly interesting!” (Beren)

Beren-san seems to be all into the city creation plan. That Shen is lucky.

“For the three of you, it’s of course, a weapon. I was also thinking of providing you guys’ armor” (Beren)

To the spider as well? She must have been a real threat for them. This fellow.

No. It is true that she was scary.

To have been said ‘delicious’ by someone that I tried to kill is a first for me.

In a sense, it must have been scary that the dwarfs’ brethren also got their creations devoured without any say to it.

And moreover, it was because she was hungry. It is a lot scarier than any simple and extremely poor evil.

“Fumu, then, it is okay to bring your brethren here. I will make you a path” (Shen)

“Yes, then without any delay. I think I will be able to return in one or two days but, will you please wait for me?” (Beren)

“It’s okay, when you finish collecting everything necessary, tell me. When I receive your call I will transport the whole village” (Shen)

Again with that. How grand. And it’s also the easiest way to moving. The packing could also be done to the minimum as well.

Just by leaving it inside the house it can be transported huh.

So is it that? If you use Asora as a relay you would be able to do something close to instant teleport?

Fumu, in places that we will be stopping often, let’s confirm if Shen is able to create gates there.

“Then!!” (Beren)

Beren-san went flying out as if he was a bullet. Even so, as expected.

“I can talk with him normally” (Makoto)

I didn’t feel awkward while I was talking with Beren-san. Maybe I just need tuning at the beginning?

No, dwarfs are humanoids. It could be that on the other side he was able to understand human language?

“As expected of master-ja” (Shen)

“Yeah, impressive-desu” (Spider)

It seems that’s not it. No, to even be able to talk with a spider is an impressive thing itself. If you can call that ‘talking’ though.

“It seemed like he could understand the words that this spider spoke as well. It is truly unbelievable” (Shen)

“And that maryoku is so sweet. He is truly the ideal gentlemen-desu wa” (Spider)

Umu, I am not happy!

A boyfriend that can be eaten. That kind of context is not going to be popular. Meal boy? I definitely don’t want to become that.

“Now then, there is actually one thing I want to request master” (Shen)





Chapter 14 - Debut. My headaches have reached level 2


The next morning after the name-giving night.

When I left the tent I saw all the orcs reunited and the backs of my two followers who were standing there.

What is it this early in the morning?

“Alright, you guys. Yesterday night I received my name from master. As I have told you, from now on you guys will make sure to call me Tomoe” (Shen->Tomoe)

“I have been given a name as well. Call me Mio from now on” (Spider->Mio)

Wa…

They began to cheer for I don’t know what.

What, is this such a big event?

Did I mess up something again?

“Concerning master being the feudal lord of this place. It is no good if you call him master like me” (Tomoe)

“And I would also hate it if you called him master-sama or danna-sama. Of course, I won’t forgive anyone who calls him by his name” (Mio)

No, its fine if you call me by my name you know? This will only make me itchy! Spare me from that!

However, all of the orcs just nod in agreement every time.

I, how big of a person am I?

“So!”

Both of them shouted. More like, this cheers and the cut of words, how skillful.

This looks like it was already made to flow like this?

“Everyone!”

Yes, yes. What is it?

“Tono-sama, waka-sama, elder, choose whichever you want! Let’s decide by majority vote-zo!” (Tomoe)

Y-Yes? Yeess?!

What is up with that?! Like you know… What is up with that?!

“A…e… wai…” (Makoto)

I can’t put it into words properly!

More like, what is with that third choice?

There is no decent one!

“Then, the ones who want Tono-sama!” (Tomoe)

Wa…

There are quite a few?!

“Next, the ones who want Waka!” (Tomoe)

Wa…?!

It’s surpassing the last one?!

“Last one! The ones who want elder!!” (Tomoe)

Wa…

I am not an old man yet!

The two of the followers turn and face to the right.

“So that’s how it is-de” (Tomoe)

“So that’s how it is-desu node” (Mio)

What is?!

“Please go with waka-sama” (Tomoe) (TN: waka-sama = Young master)

“Are you stupid? Are you stupid?! Or maybe an idiot?!” (Makoto)

“I decided it democratically-zo. You like it right? Democratically” (Tomoe)

“I also hold one vote for waka-sama, after all, no matter where you see it you are waka-sama-desuwa” (Mio)

I can’t accept this!

From how the things flowed it was all planned beforehand!

“No,no, I am the master right? Why did it become like this?” (Makoto)

“You asked us to decide for it after talking it last night so, we decided it with everyone” (Tomoe)

“Why is it that there was a weird third choice?!” (Makoto)

“That is the third choice we got after slapping them up last night-desu! It is definitely not a weird one!” (Tomoe)

A-An all-nighter?!

Tomoe-san what are you doing?!

That means, the ones that are standing here have all been up the whole night to go along with this farce?

That was definitely a third choice that Tomoe would come up with.

Uuh, I am sorry.

The orcs and the pair who are watching me with eyes of expectation and waiting for my speech.

Uuh.

I have no problems with you guys calling me by my name though.

‘Go ahead, Go ahead!’ is what their eyes press me with.

To wake up to this.

This is slightly bullying right?

“It’s fine with waka-sama” (Makoto)

Great cheers of joy that made me want to plug my ears were sounding out.

I didn’t want her to brainwash everyone into making the third choice after all.

—-

After that, every person I ran into, adult to child called me waka-sama, waka-sama.

Earnestly.

I didn’t care anymore and continued my travelling. The moment I saw the town my tension increased.

They told me to wait for a moment.

Again?!

It’s already pulling on my nerves.

Well, there is no helping it.

Let’s leave the arrival for tomorrow.

I leniently gave up and decided to rest in Asora.

Well, by tomorrow they should have finished with the migration procedures.

When that happens, it is okay to just leave the guiding to the clone of Shen.

For some reason.

They told me the dwarfs would be greeting me the next day at noon, so I slept while watching them with a doubtful look.

This turn of events, will not be bad right?

—-

The next morning.

It was splendidly bad. I had a headache.

Yesterday there was only a group of orcs but.

Today I can see the dwarfs at the left side. At the lead, Beren-san. It looked like there were close to 50.

At the center there were what I think to be blue scaled lizardmen. At the lead, Tomoe-san. At this side there were more than a hundred of them.

At the right there was something that had the lower-half of a spider and the upper part of a human. At the lead, Mio-san. On this side there were 5 counting Mio-san.

What in the world is this?! There are more?! Eeeeeh?!

“Let’s do it then. You told him that it would be at noon after all” (Tomoe)

Tomoe-san who praises Beren-san.

“No, no, if it concerns the dependents debut then in this chance I would like it if we can greet them along with everyone! After all, it would have a different impact!” (Beren)

“…”

“Geez, you guys are really taciturn~ I will tell you this, if you disrespect waka-sama in any way I will eat you” (Mio)

“!!! (*nod*nod)”

Un, chaos.

I don’t understand the situation at all.

Dependents, is what Beren-san said.

If you say dependents it has the feel of subordinates. Or maybe, children?

However, the number of people are all over the place.

If that is all the dwarf village then they are pretty few.

A family is normally two or more, organized as a married couple or parent and child. If we think about having father, mother and child a number of 3 persons there would be 16 families.

If there is a grandparents in that equation then it would be 10 families in total.

Can you form a village with that?

Maybe my way of thinking about villages is just too big? It is possible, after all, this is a thinking that came from a peaceful Japan.

And then there is the beautifully blue scaled lizardmen. Judging by their arrangements, I suppose its Tomoe’s family race.

With a sword stabbed on the ground she had her hands on top of the handle and her chest up. Her shoulders and head slightly lowered. That appearance made me think of a knight.

There doesn’t seem to be a scabbard. I think it would be convenient if you had one. I am in the katana culture so when I see the unsheathed sword I feel it’s very dangerous.

I really can’t think that that Shen has such a proper family race like that. She must be the type that was blessed by her subordinates.

Behind the Calamity Spider, Mio, there are 4 half human half spider.

That is definitely not a number for a village. So that makes them, her subordinates?

In the fight they didn’t appear though. Also, how to say it, it is hard to imagine them living in groups.

More like, these fellows had more of a boss character feel.

With their body upright, right hand on their chest and their heads lowered.

And, probably taciturn. Their mouths haven’t opened once.

In their eyes I could feel intelligence and some other color I didn’t get.

Right now they all had their heads lowered so I can’t see it clearly though.

“You understand right? Listen well, that great person, waka-sama has saved me and also saved you guys from starvation. Devote your whole self to him, you children” (Mio)

They are children huh. Ha~ for them, just how much of a delicious meal am I?

I see. Aside from intelligence the other interest they inquired about was ‘so that is the origin of the delicacy?’

Talking about that kin, I think that in times of emergency they would appear and devour everything.

Un, it seems that even after Mio shared that maryoku with the 4 of them, she has not lost her rationality.

No, let’s stop thinking about my maryoku for now.

“Mu, you guys” (Makoto)

Tomoe noticed me and the two of them faced me.

When the two of them looked at me, they both straighten their posture.

“Ah, good morning everyone?” (Makoto)

Was it fine to say everyone? I felt a bit nervous.

“Good morning waka-sama!!”

Oh? I could understand the words of everyone here. Also, that they were able to return my greeting must mean that my words also got through. Bug, thank you for your useful power.

Beren asked the permission of both of them and then stepped forward.

The dwarfs that were on their knees stood up, took a step forward and saluted. As expected, they have intensity.

“Makoto-sama, please pardon me the impoliteness of using your name. The elder dwarfs that are here number 54, from today on we will be residing in this lands. I look forward to working for you!” (Beren)

“Yeah, I look forward too. I am Makoto. I don’t mind if you guys call me by my name you know~?” (Makoto)

“Then, I will get the village chief and have him greet you as well!!” (Beren)

Yeah, I have no answer to that. It is okay to relax a bit you know. Beren-san is seriously stiff right now.

Beren-san takes a few steps back and the other dwarfs also return to their spots. And then, a dwarf with a majestic moustache walked to the front. He looks at me with evaluating eyes but I don’t feel it’s rude.

It’s a person that I feel stands atop others. He is clearly older than Beren-san. That Beren-san is a young one seemed to be true.

To discern someone who you first met I don’t know what to say to that but. To do diplomacy in this kind of place is just…

A bow. Seeing that I also bow. So there is also the culture of lowering ones head in this world.

“I am the one who leads the elder dwarfs, my name is Eldo. For us who have been living in hiding in this extremity of the world, to give us the chance to live in this bountiful land I am truly thankful” (Eldo)

“Ah, no problem. My name is Makoto. If there is anything troubling you or anything you want to ask don’t hesitate to do so” (Makoto)

“Thank you. Then is it okay to do so now?” (Eldo)

“Yes?” (Makoto)

“Waka-sama seems to be barely a hyuman race. But the followers you have made a pact with, the Illusion Ruler Supreme Dragon Shen-sama and the one feared to devour the whole planet the Calamity Black Spider. No matter how I see it, there is no way they are existences that a hyuman can rule over” (Eldo)

“Well, yeah…” (Makoto)

Now that he says it, the two are also surprised. Maybe it’s because of my cheat disposition. Also, what’s with the ‘barely’ hyuman?

“I will ask you frankly. You have been given a mission from the goddess that governs this world, received her divine protection and sent out to this wastelands right?” (Eldo)

The eyes of chief-san began sparkling. But I have an objection to this!

“L-Like I would want to receive divine protection from that bug! It is true that because of her I was thrown into this wastelands but rather, I am having it harsh here!” (Makoto)

“B-Bug?” (Eldo)

“Yeah, that woman is sufficient to call her a bug! ‘Go live your life in the corner of the world with the mamono’ so she says and then throws me into this wasteland!!” (Makoto)

Ah, just remembering it makes me angry!

“T-Then, there is no mission? You don’t have an objective?” (Eldo)

“Yeah, I have none! Not a single one! I am a victim here you know?! Well, she did make it so I was able to speak with mamonos and demonic beast so I am a bit grateful for that but…” (Makoto)

My last words were getting lower.

“That you are able to speak with us is not a divine protection in itself?” (Eldo)

“That is ‘comprehension’. She told me that it would be filthy to give me divine protection!” (Makoto)

I really don’t want to remember it.

The chief dwarf seemed to be thinking something.

“T-Then, waka-sama is a hyuman that is not linked to any influential power right?” (Eldo)

“Of course. Also, can you please stop it with the hyuman hyuman? It feels better to be called human” (Makoto)

“Human huh. It’s the name of the ancient residents. Some call them the forefathers of the hyuman” (Eldo)

“Whatever. But I am a human. Well, because of circumstances I have reasonably powerful maryoku and physical power” (Makoto)

Tomoe said, ‘there is no way a person that can punch a dragon can be ‘reasonably powerful’, and faced the other side.

And Mio, ‘that maryoku, and his flesh and blood are a supreme delicacy-de gozai masu!’ she said with a vigorous expression.

I can’t hear you, I can’t hear anything at all.

“I am relieved. We are existences that disagree with the goddess. We don’t hold hostility though. Also, we don’t have any hyuman or demon race we can call comrades” (Eldo)

“That is. You guys are self-dependent huh~” (Makoto)

“But you are interesting. The idea of a mirage city. The ability to speak with us, and that over the top maryoku” (Eldo)

It would be interesting to follow you.

Is what he said.

“Awawa. I am not that great of a person though” (Makoto)

“Fufufu, then, I am sorry for this long talk. Later in time I will bring a product as a greeting” (Eldo)

The chief steps back. He must have taken it as humility. And, an over the top maryoku he says.

Is maryoku something that can be seen?

“Then, it seems the next is me” (Tomoe)

It’s Tomoe. As always, she seems to be in good humor.

The blue scaled lizardmen all stand in formation. What a magnificent view. It makes me think that they are a trained army.

“Waka! The ones behind me are my kin, mist lizardmen-da. Water and wind, it’s a rare strong race that can control both of those elements. Their special trait, no matter how you see it, it’s their beautiful blue scales-da” (Tomoe)

“It’s the first time I learned that you had a kin” (Makoto)

“Taken into account the ones who venerate me by themselves, there are quite a lot you know? And taking also the ones that call me a God and boom. But these are the ones that are most closely related to me, just what you would call a kin. The warriors here would be able to go against a lower-dragon” (Tomoe)

“That is pretty impressive. Moreover, this presence, their specialty must be group battles. They are practically at the level of weapons” (Makoto)

“It is unusual that you say it. Also, it is surprising that you are able to see through their quality. Well, from today on this 108 fellows will be migrating here. Together with them, please take care of us” (Tomoe)

Tomoe lightly lowers her head. Matching her, the lizardmen also expressed their thanks with movements that seemed to have been trained beforehand.

Really, these guys are too good for Tomoe. If one of them is able to go against a lower-dragon then, the moment they work as a group. Depending on their application, they can become incredible.

Even if they are called warriors, they give me more of a knight impression so they may not be able to move like a special corps but there is no doubt they are elite existences.

Next one is Mio.

“Waka-sama, the ones behind me are my kin, Arke-de gozai masu. These guys were also the same as me, without being able to escape their starvation. But thanks to having received the energy of waka-sama they have returned to their senses so I brought them here” (Mio)

Arke. I don’t know about them.

As expected, the kin of Mio is a being I haven’t heard and has no relation to my previous world.

Eh, that is not the point.

Energy? What does she mean by energy?

She probably just gave her a bit of my maryoku but to call it energy, I don’t like it. (TN: she calls it 精 = sei, which can also mean semen)

More like, how did she even share it?

“H-How did you share something that can’t even be seen?” (Makoto)

I spoke in honorific. Asexpecteditbecomessomethingsticky?

“Well that is of course, like this-desu wa!” (Mio)

It was faster than Mio explaining so she called one Arke that was close by and somewhere around its shoulder she pierced her hand in. Piercing.

“Hey!!” (Makoto)

Without thinking, my voice came out.

“~~♫”

But the pierced Arke seemed to be feeling good.

E, Ew?!

All of these guys are the same type?!

So they have increased into mini-mio and puppy-mio?! A, my headache…

From the pierced part that Mio is feeding the kin with, something was flowing from it. So this is what she said about sharing.

How violent.

“Yeah~ I understand now, no, I have understood it. It’s alright now Mio” (Makoto)

“Yes. Thanks for your time” (Mio)

She pulls out her hand. Without even bleeding, the wound just closed. That mysterious method was also inherited. These guys are also plenty cheat.

“We, called, Arke. Name, don’t have. Please, take care, of us”

It seems they are not that good at speaking.

But they slowly and surely speak to me. They might be pretty diligent people.

Also, I think they were living on their own and they had no one they could speak to in their surroundings. That’s why they must have had no need to speak.

And Mio was also starving like them. No, she was.

“You were missing the ‘from now on’ you know? Do you want to be eaten huh?! An?!” (Mio)

From what Yakuza group are you!

“Mio, its fine! They were able to speak well. In order, they should just slowly get used to the live in here” (Makoto)

When Mio slowly steps back, the Arke felt relieved and agreed with me.

This team makes me worried about the future…

“I and the Arke can produce a special material inside our bodies. Also, we have knowledge of alchemy from ancient times-gozai masu. I hope it helps you in any way. Then, we may be an unworthy kin but please do take care of us from now on, waka-sama” (Mio)

Blacksmithing we have dwarfs, sewing Arke, in battles we have mist lizardmen, and for basic works we have the tenacious highland orcs and we can also count on the lizardmen.

Fumu, it looks like its taking proper shape. There is a shortage in the number of people though.

And so, the introductions were all finished, and because we did this I was delayed in my visit to the town.

Anyways, now I am able to go. After one hour or so of walking, there is the most anticipated hyuman town.

Finally I can meet with human beings!

“Yeah, so then everyone, I look forward to working with you. If you want to hear any details ask my followers. Tomoe, Mio. Instruct Eldo-san please. The place that you will live can be freely chosen but, make sure not to fight. I am going to be heading to town. It’s close by so I will be going alone” (Makoto)

“Isnt it dangerous to go alone?” (Tomoe)

“That’s right, I will accompany you” (Mio)

“No, it should be alright. Compared to before, this is definitely safer. Also, all these people, if there is no one who will direct them it would not be controlled properly. Don’t worry, if everything goes well I will stay there for one night and return tomorrow. Then” (Makoto)

Saying that, I leave the gates without even eating breakfast.

Tomoe and Mio seemed to have consented to it. They are not following me so that’s what I think.

If a confusion in Asora occurs I will just have to resolve it later!

Right now I should go to the town.

It’s already been one week since I got here.

Without meeting anyone. Moreover, almost dying twice.

It’s already time for me to meet human beings!





Chapter 15 - Peace and Town, things that move farther the closer I get


And, I arrived.

A plain gate. A town, no, it’s even hard to call it a village. It’s more of a camp.

On my way I met a young girl that was probably a person from the town. She was incredibly beautiful.

Her hair was a natural golden color that gently shined with the sun, flowing slowly with the wind. It was practically a painting.

Even though it was such a harsh land, her skin was white like porcelain.

How amazing. She would be able to get in the top ranks of my high school archery club.

By the way, my archery club was famous for having a lot of beautiful men and women.

When I confirm her appearance she suddenly faced my way. What is this? If there is a flag with this person I will be seriously expecting it you know?

Even though I have superior eyesight here, that side was also watching me. I-Is this fate?

That she was watching me was an understatement, she had her eyes wide open. But at that moment I hadn’t noticed it.

She was paralyzed by something that my body was emitting.

But the girl didn’t run away. That’s why I interpreted it in a hopeful way.

Just like that, I got closer to her. I gave her a decisive and friendly “Excuse me”. Of course, with my best smile along with it.

And the reaction of the girl, was to scream her lungs out and like shooting out in a rocket start she ran with all she had. It was a surprise that she even did a crouching start.

Is this what you would call, a complete rejection? It hurts me a lot.

She was surely running to the town so I followed her.

I was only walking okay? Because it would be troubling if I stimulate her more by running after her.

And so, I was now in front of the gates.

In front of me there were neatly lined up hyumans. There were also many others like Elf-looking people, Beast race and small guys too.

The fellows with blue skin are probably the demon race. The ones I met before had more traits so I may be wrong.

They were armed and showing me hostility. No matter how I think about it, I haven’t done anything that has aggravated the guards in the town?

As always, in this world the flow of things are just so sudden and the developments are hard to go against.

However, the other party are people that have reasoning. In my side I have not strength but the weapon called conversation.

“Um, I am truly sorry about scaring the young girl just now. My name is Misumi Makoto. I would like to enter this town” (Makoto)

“??”

There is no response. More like, their hostility got even higher. It was only an introduction though?!

“!!!?!!??!!?!”

It seemed like they were having a heated discussion.

I should just wait for a bit. It must take time to put in order all their opinions.

After a while, their vigor calmed down. In exchange, they formed rows and the ones in the front prepared their weapons.

E-Eh?!

The middle and back row readied their bows and the ones who had staffs began chanting their arias.

This is, bad?!

“W-Wait! I was just…” (Makoto)

“ASDKJHFDS!!!”

!!!!

You must be kidding me?

I stood still.

And clear my ears.

There is still no attack, there is no attack and yet…!

“ASDKJGFAAJSM!!”

I try to lift both of my hands in surrender.

But it seems like…

They took it as an intent to attack.

No good. The bows and magic were all released at once!

I expand a slightly big protection [Sakai] in my surroundings.

The various colored magic and arrows all struck that boundary and disappear.

The ones that were running at me with their swords and spears saw that spectacle and with precaution, they stop.

They are having a discussion again. But this is…

There is no helping it.

I feel that if I don’t step out now I will be doing something that can’t be reverted.

Damn it! The moment I feel a bit of gratefulness for that Goddess, and this?!

That da-mn bug!!

Turning around, I run with all I had. That was of course, a speed that not even a horse could catch up with. I raise a cloud of dust as I went.

“Damn IIIIITTTT!!! That I can’t even understand the words of human beings?!” (Makoto)

The vital part.

The words that should have been completely fine.

They couldn’t understand it.

Which way is tomorrow?!

—-

~ A castle somewhere ~

A heavy atmosphere could be felt from the audience in the throne room. In the room that was stylishly decorated from every side, the people were silent.

A Low-spirit had told them about the waking of the Goddess and the summoning of heroes. They were now having a parliament for that.

The one sat down on the throne was the demon lord. His expression was not pleasant at all. A wrinkle could be seen in between his eyebrows.

“You may have already heard it but…”

The demon lord opens his mouth. A voice that was filled with dignity and self-confidence. There was no doubt that he was an outstanding ruler. With just his words you could tell that.

“The goddess has woken up. It was a notice from a spirit so it’s impossible that it’s a lie”

“Then, regarding the heroes…”

“Yeah, they have been summoned”

The demon lord affirms the words of the four-armed general.

A sigh leaked out from here and there.

The Goddess’s sudden sleep, the request of cooperation from the low-spirits. With both of these opportunities, the demon race had begun a war to increase their territory.

The result was a crushing victory.

They were originally driven into barren lands and were unable to earn any divine protection. This war was for the sake of gaining, even if a little bit, a wealthy land.

But the result was that they destroyed the world power that had the most faith for the goddess, Elision and completely suppressed more than half of their territory.

A complete victory from the fierce battle in the southern parts.

They continued their charge at the west and east parts as if they were elephants crushing ants.

As a result, the world’s map was changed greatly. Summing all the world, more than 10 regions were destroyed.

Counting the wealthy domains, the demon race was able to obtain even the sea. They had expectations that they would be able to save the many starving people by obtaining the unfreezing harbor, and in reality they obtained marvelous results.

But after they destroyed Elision, what follows on the south is the hyuman major power, the Kingdom of Limia and Gritonia Empire.

The two hyuman regions that possess the most powerful military strength.

These two regions stood out. And even if they were able to defeat Elision they were not able to subjugate it completely.

In terms of size, the hyumans were able to fight on equal footing with the Demon race. But that is just the mapped setting.

They concentrated on the internal affairs of the extended territories, the demon race needed the time to stabilize themselves.

That’s why the demon race stopped their march to extend territory. Restraining themselves, they poured their all unto internal affairs.

This are the actual circumstances of the 10 years of peace that have continued on.

It was not rock firm but it was a stable internal administration.

The awakening of the Goddess and the descent of the heroes. “Now, it is finally time to commence the war” saying this, they began to move. It was the worst report they had heard.

Leaving aside Gritonia and Limia who were being cautious of the front lines, in the wastelands at the west border, there were various races that were gathering to create a cooperative power.

So, in exchange of having the easy to defend Gritonia do whatever they wanted to, they intended to do a blitz suppression on Aion and Roleru who were both at the south of Limia and Gritonia.

The borders maneuvering was also going well.

Especially, the spirits that had powers like ‘Flame’ that were cooperating with the Demon race helped increase the attack power even more.

The jurisdiction of the border’s wasteland was under the fire and earth spirits. For that reason, the cooperation of the Flame low-spirits was an enticing situation for the races of the borders.

In the wastelands, one race could go against an army. There were a lot of strong heartless races in there.

It was a plan that was entirely plausible with this short-term union.

“Just because the Goddess has woken up doesn’t mean that we will let everything we have gained until now come to nothing”

The half-person half-snake said so with an expression that didn’t hide its annoyance.

If this plan succeeded it would have been possible to make a world where hyumans were slaves and the demon race dominated. It was also their deepest wish as ones who were looked down upon.

But that is just if they are able to subjugate both Limia and Gritonia. It was a plan that relied on the present state of affairs.

With a special happening like the appearance of a hero, it might be suicide to divide the forces and do simultaneous battles.

(This is no good)

If she was to sleep for at least one month more… well, it has already happened. This is what the demon lord was thinking.

Furthermore there was another issue that interested him.

“It is not like everything was useless. The borders power can be used as an ambush troop against Limia after all. Anyways, there is another thing”

The demon lord cuts off what he was going to say. It was a pretty serious expression, he placed even more strength in the middle of his brows.

“There is no doubt that heroes have descended for Limia and Gritonia. I can feel their maryoku even when I am in this castle. It’s likely that they still don’t know how to conceal their power, and moreover, this power surpasses my own amount of maryoku”

“What?!”

“That’s not possible! Even though they have the body of a human being?!”

“They are probably from different worlds. And they are quite exceptional ones. When they learn this world’s fighting style, it will come to a situation where they will come attacking us. There is no doubt that they have obtained substantial amounts of divine protection from the Goddess”

It must be because he was confident in his ability to use maryoku, even when they had an amount of maryoku that surpassed his, there was no despair in his words.

“I will reorganize the troops in the front lines. With this I will be leaving”

With that said, the silent 4-armed giant began moving. The lord didn’t seem to find fault in his actions. The front lines for Limia were left in his direct control by the lord himself after all.

“How reliable. But we know the whereabouts of those two and we are able to feel how much power they have so we are still fine. The threats have increased so we have to think about this. That is all”

That was the only thing he said regarding the appearance of heroes. They were words that cut off the anxiety and encouraged everyone.

The general and officials that were present were all looking at the lord in admiration.

“The problem is…”

The demon lord continues.

“There is another one that appeared and has enormous maryoku”

“A third hero you say?!”

“No, there are 2 heroes. The ones with substantial divine protections appeared in Limia and Gritonia, there is no discrepancy in that. But…”

The lord that rarely stammers in his words was now looking perplexed. The vassals wait for his words with puzzled expressions.

“I feel like there is another one in the borders of the world”

He could feel the fragment of maryoku. But there should be no way for him to feel the maryoku when the distance was from the castle that was in the north of the continent to the wastelands that were located in the borders of the world.

But he felt it. What was it?

Even the demon lord had no answer to that. That’s why he was perplexed.

“No matter the circumstances, I shouldn’t be able to feel the maryoku of someone in the wastelands at the border of the world. That’s why, it’s not certain but, I think that there is another one. An otherworldler that is not a hero”

What kind of mission he received or his relation with the goddess…

It would be a lot easier to make countermeasures if he knew he was a hero.

If this is a plan that the Goddess has made, then it was praiseworthy.

The demon lord was grieving.

“Of course, it’s a matter that has lower importance than the heroes, but order the ones that are on a mission in the borders to investigate this fellow”

The general that was in charge of the tactics faithfully nods. The dealings were entrusted to the undercover ops. There was a need to know how this mysterious threat would affect the plans from now on.

(Hm, but if there exists such a monster that can make me feel its power from the borders of the world and he is to stand by my side. At that time, not only the heroes, we may even be able to reach the throat of the Goddess)

The demon lord, while arranging other matters at hand, was thinking about the mysterious existence in the wastelands that interested him.

There were two heroes on the hyumans side and there was even the Goddess as well.

‘Then it should be fine for us to have an existence that can overturn this’ is what he thought.

Misumi Makoto had attracted the attention of the Centre of this worlds disturbances, the demon lord. It seems like his distresses after escaping from the people he was looking forward to meet, were not going to end anytime soon.





Chapter 16 - It’s written as ‘make over’ and read as ‘quagmire’


Now I am troubled.

My words don’t get through.

I haven’t had any difficulties until now speaking in Japanese.

It was okay with the orcs, dwarfs and spiders after all.

It’s also because of Tomoe and Mio. After they made a pact with me they both turned human shaped so I thought my words would work you know?

No, that’s not it.

In the first place, instead of agreeing that I can talk with Mamono, it was more out of my expectations that I couldn’t talk with human beings.

Yes, not possible.

I had a really bad presentiment, but I had Tomoe and the others that could talk the common language and had them converse.

I didn’t understand. I was plain hurt that they could speak. Specially Mio, why is she able to speak? Is she a genius?

It reminds me of the first time a foreigner tried to talk with me. By the way, I am able to speak a bit of English. The moment a specialized word is used I am out though. But still, it was completely no good, the language test.

And so, an experiment.

I had a number of representatives from every resident that lived here assemble, and tried having a casual talk with them.

When I did that the only one who could understand everything and speak with everyone was me!

The other races could only understand me and the ones who had connection with me, Tomoe and Mio. But aside from them, the other ones’ words were vaguely understood or maybe they didn’t even understand them.

The ones who excelled were the orcs.

Aside from themselves, they could somehow communicate with every other race. They could become great assets in the future management of this city.

Anyways.

I had to urgently learn the common language and at the very least be at the level where I can read it.

That Tomoe and Mio could speak the common language was a real help.

Damn it… I will show you I can certainly learn it!!

…

..

.

——–

That I would certainly learn it huh.

There was a time when I believed that. Eh? That it hasn’t been that long since I said it?

I was studying in my state of complete concentration and you know, it was on the level that I felt could leap into space and time. Well, I admit that I exaggerated a bit.

You see, how does the pronunciation of the common language work?

I may be able to understand it.

I learn the sound of the words I don’t know and I record it inside my brain and while playing it I look for its meaning. Yeah, it’s far from the ideal method.

That’s because no matter how many times I hear it I always get estación, estación you know?! It doesn’t become station! (TN: in original he says it in English and then in Japanese. He must be referring to the fact that the words still sound foreign)

No, not even that. The basic ‘yes’ sounds like only groans to me. Maybe it’s like in Chinese where there are many pronunciations for the same word.

It’s fatal that I can’t even do a proper greeting.

Frankly, I had the optimistic thinking that I would be able to learn the words ‘Hi’ or ‘Nice to meet you’ without any difficulty.

Like ‘xie xie’ or ‘obrigado’ or ‘merci’.

This is bad. I feel that this is seriously bad.

Will I even be able to perceive the subtle emotions of the other party at this rate?

I feel like it’s impossible.

And the fatal part is still the pronunciation. Super ‘dificil’.

This is devastating. No matter how many times Tomoe and Mio taught me, I only tilted my head.

And it’s so bad that even I agree with it.

I am faithfully trying to repeat the words that the two of them are telling me but the words that I use are suddenly totally different.

Even if you tell me to change that ‘A’

Just how in the world am I going to change an ‘A’?

This is just… no good.

This was the conclusion I came to after trying my best for 1 month. Its surprising right? I gave it my all for 1 month you know?

Of course, I will not be stopping my learning but.

I judged that it was wiser to just give up on talking myself.

And also moving solo. I don’t even know if I will be able to establish a mutual understanding so it’s better if I refrain from doing it.

If it’s just communication then I am able to construct the word inside my head and then send out magic to talk while drawing. I can do that kind of menacing physical labor.

Basically, I can communicate by writing.

The understanding of the other party’s feelings can be done by Tomoe or Mio.

Hm? I am fine with writing the word ‘Yes’ you know? Because it has no relation with the sound and I am truly just writing a foreign word.

It was literally a hopeless problem but, with 1 month of hard work I was able to learn how to write at least. The pronunciation… I can’t do the pronunciation!

Hu… however, there were a pile of problems aside from that. From where I should begin fixing for it to go well, I can’t find a clue for that.

In the first place, why did the first villager have to run? Did I arrive to a military training?

There was a reason.

It wasn’t just because the words didn’t get through, as one would expect. The moment she ran away from me I was honestly suspecting it but…

Maybe she was in a pressing situation and was in a state of alertness or she mistook me for someone else.

It wasn’t any of those two. From what I surveyed, that side was in a normal state of awareness and there wasn’t any person that committed atrocities that looked like me, she also didn’t have any valuables on her. It was the spectacle of a normal day in her life.

I don’t want to believe it… I don’t want to admit it but… the reason, was myself.

It looks like I was discharging an incredible amount of maryoku while I was walking. And it was an overwhelming amount that even normal people would be able to recognize as well. To be more concrete, it felt like everything in several tens of meters around me looked distorted.

Everyone in Asora was obviously aware of this but they came to a mutual understanding. Since I had a slave dragon that was able to carry a dimension and moreover my appearance was that of a hyuman. The people themselves seemed to not mind my maryoku leaking.

So, they thought that it was unnecessary for them to tell me.

… Please, do mind it and then, please, tell me.

Lately, the orcs have been social and mingling around with their surroundings.

When I approach the highland orc Ema-san, she told me that the moment she met me she didn’t feel any maryoku. Maybe it was being enclosed inside of me?

I realized that from the time I learned magic in the body purifying cave, my maryoku had begun leaking out or more like, the lid had been opened and was overflowing.

And then, the time I returned to the cave with Tomoe, the time I led her to the orc village and stayed there, the time when I was attacked by the black spider, the time when the dwarfs gathered, and in this 1 month.

It looks like my maryoku has been increasingly growing and in a state of continuous discharge.

Please, tell me. Give me a single word about my maryoku leaking out. Because I am still a newbie *tear*.

I might as well just have learned it by collapsing from all this discharging.

‘It’s like a spring that continuously grows to a large river’ is what my two followers’ impressions were.

Cheers for the quality of my slaves. Someday I want to get a maid that goes all lovey-dovey for her master. It would be nice to have one with common sense that can point out basic things like my maryoku. And when that happens I may be able to put a proper distance with these two.

But even if I said so, I felt like I would just go ‘well, isn’t that nice?’. That’s why, I respect myself for being able to say this.

“In reality, how did the people there see me?” (Makoto)

Is what I said. I am the best.

“Let’s see… well, if you are to say it in a word it would be…” (Tomoe)

“Yes, I rely on you to explain it in an easy to comprehend way” (Makoto)

After pondering for a bit, Tomoe came out with a metaphor.

“It would be like a lot of demon lords suddenly appearing at the same time?” (Tomoe)

“??” (Makoto)

What is she saying?

My thought process froze.

I see.

I comprehend now.

Leaving aside the part of demon lord.

If a rivaling race like a demon race suddenly comes out without even trying to hide its presence.

Moreover tries to get closer to you and even follows you after you run.

It would truly be a horror like experience.

The town must have been the same. In the area that they were on the lookout, something that is discharging a monstrous amount of maryoku was heading there in a speed that was out of common sense.

The gate that was designated for combat, the running citizen and the smiling me. And it seemed like my presence was fiendish.

Yes, that behavior was probably the proper action to take.

Su~Ha~

A large deep breath.

What should I do?!

I totally failed in my public park debut!

Moreover, they perfectly saw my face!

… Maybe I should really just make a kingdom of mamono?

If I could just leave it at that. ‘I want to walk the traces of my parents’ I even decided on such an objective not that long ago.

But I won’t falter!

Heh! Something like this, I will overcome it. Don’t underestimate the Misumi household!

My maryoku is leaking? No problem. I have been given a finger ring from the dwarfs that absorbs the maryoku and compresses it! By the way, if anyone other than me puts it on he/she will have their maryoku sucked to death and so has become a ‘cursed bracelet’!

There was no way for me other than this to hide my maryoku. I can suppress it myself but it seems that if I suppress the maryoku that is leaking out the whole time in the end, I will release a high reaction.

That’s why this finger ring will accumulate the maryoku and change its attribute. It has a function to perfectly change the way people see my maryoku. By the way, the ring changes from white to red. It’s not like I asked for it to be like this, the raw materials had to have this dying properties or it would be impossible to make. That it would be blood red was not in my expectations!

I named it Draupnir! I feel like the real one was a bracelet but I decided not to mind it.

That they heard my voice? From the start I can’t even pronounce so I won’t speak!

That they saw my face? Such a thing if I just put on a mask, see? No problem! Don’t underestimate the all-purpose blacksmiths! It’s a stylish mask that hides the upper half of my face!

I even changed my clothes.

In any case I can’t move properly by myself so I will have to bring Mio and Tomoe.

With this they will never be able to connect me with the threat of last time!

Because you know, it’s a mask! It’s the world’s common sense that when you put one on, no one will be able to recognize you!

…

There are two girls at both of my sides. It’s quite the eccentric appearance.

I myself am wearing a mask and a seemingly cursed finger ring.

Did I, overcome it?

More like, I feel like I have lost?

You are right, this decision, I have lost.

But you know. I have already done it. That I will be doing a recovery from now on, I just, don’t know what I should do.

Wu~u, it shouldn’t have come to this.

This is what I thought. If I were to register in an adventurers’ guild (though I don’t know if there is one) and display some superhuman plays then travel to various countries and enjoy a bit of romance.

Save a princess in a moment of trouble and in the middle of travelling together a novel romance fantasy happens or something like that.

From now on there will be none. Yeah, even I understand that. I was made to understand.

Even if that did happen, in my case it would make me look like an inhuman target. I totally reject it.

When I asked Tomoe to accompany me, she responded immediately with an OK, and the next speech was.

“If we are talking about three persons then it’s obviously Koumon-sama! Waka is the retired and I will be Kaku-san! Mio can be Suke-san or Hachibe!” (Tomoe)

Is the nonsense she said afterwards. If we talk about Mio.

“To walk around eating all specialty products, ah~ how sweet. Of course, the main will be waka-sama, and the desert could be an historic ruin?” (Mio)

Leaving aside the specialty products, me and historic ruins are not food. Will this glutton not eat the people and the inorganic products?

More like, am I the main dish for my own slave? Uaa, what a turn down!

Incidentally why is it that you are trying to make this sword and magic world into a tragic history drama? Its even more of a turn down!

“Hey, Tomoe, if it’s a famous one wouldn’t it be ‘Mito no go Rokou?’ ” (Makoto)

For this world’s nature, no matter how you see it, it’s a fantasy from the Middle Age Eupope!

“Mu, certainly, I haven’t taken into account the sub-characters. Fumu, then a different one, it would be hard to make a setting while we are travelling after all” (Tomoe)

No, the setting is hard to make? What are you even…?

I am telling you to stop the whole history dramas in itself.

“No you know, why are you even bringing history dramas on our setting?” (Makoto)

“What a strange thing to say. I have finally gotten my katana forged so, isn’t it obvious that I want to swing it around?” (Tomoe)

It’s all just your desires.

Go and be a Japanese jack the ripper or something, by yourself.

“Then, you said something about Koumon-sama but…” (Makoto)

“Yes?” (Tomoe)

“I am not the previous vice shogun you know? If I don’t have political influence I cant become Koumon-sama” (Makoto)

“Yeah, for that point there is no problem. If we just change the last scene for the eight generation shogun then, see?” (Tomoe)

What do you mean by ‘see’?

If I do that I would just become a ruffian?

If there is no medicine case then there would be no Mallow family crest.

I am no previous vice-shogun nor a present time shogun-sama you know?

Ah~ no good. I have to be more level-headed.

Tomoe was saying things like ‘When I take out this sword a scattering ice blade appears! Ei, don’t get close! If you approach I will slice you!’ and swings around her sword. She is all hyped.

But you know, those are from a different story. Not a single word coincides with the aforementioned~

And Mio was,

“As expected, from now on its quality over quantity. Waka-sama’s blood, maryoku and also… ufufufufufu” (Mio)

This side is probably eating me. My headache. I don’t want to think about the meaning of that ‘ufufufu’. She occasionally, no, frequently clamors about ‘nursing’ or something of the sort but I hope it won’t become like the copulation of mantis.

A life-risking nursing is not a nursing. In the first place the word nursing is supposed to be an expression of servicing.

So I will be travelling while accompanied by these two huh.

I feel like I am carrying a handicap that is even worse than language.

Do your best, me.

Don’t lose, there is surely a bright future somewhere out there.

What is it? I feel like my surroundings have become silent.

Yeah, I see. So in the end we are going with Koumon-sama.

Geez, I don’t care anymore. Seriously. It’s not something that can’t be changed?!

I, who had asked the dwarfs to make Draupnir, had the whole colony of Asora reunited and gave instructions to every representative on the current situation.

With this I can go out travelling.

The result of the setting consultation was that I am the son of a wealthy merchant that is travelling around places for my training. I have been afflicted by a disease and am unable to speak. Moreover, I have a cursed mask and finger ring on me and all sorts of miseries. That kind of messed up setting.

Just how much of a misfortune parade am I? I wanted to ask about that ‘all sorts of miseries’

Compared to a history drama, this one beats it with its childish and unmotivated setting.

Both of them are supposed to be accompanying me as bodyguards and followers. The especially rare product that we handle is the Uri. This especially rare product is a creation from the people that live in Asora. In a sense this is commerce.

Certainly, the things that can be obtained here are rare. This could become our income source for the mirage city in the future. Tomoe and Mio are not total idiots.

It’s just that their sense of value is remarkably different from other people.

Ah, that also makes them a problem. Yeah, they are stupid.

And so.

I, who is called waka-sama, have now begun my journey to peddle around the world with my own legs.

Wait, I don’t even know the money system in this world yet!

The one walking there!

Please stop my two (supposed to be) slaves!





POV Chapter - Meeting with the demi-human, Beren


“Impossible. For such a thing to come to this place!”

I was running.

At times I would look back, at the dark menace that was mowing down trees as it closes onto me.

It’s not like there is someone who would help me ahead.

The only chance for me is that this bastard gives up on chasing me.

No matter what, I can’t bring that thing to the village.

That’s why I can’t run at the direction of the village.

If I did that, that thing would joyfully devour all of my friends.

Black Calamity Spider

That what that thing is.

I don’t know if it has a name as an individual.

There are rumors that deep in the forest there is a strong monster called Arke that lives in it. Its upper body is human while its lower is a spiders, they say it’s a grotesque looking parent but it’s not a sure thing.

What I know is that, it has existed since long, it suddenly appears and that it is scarily hungry to its utmost limits.

The name Calamity really fits it.

Not only us. In this entire world there is no one who it wouldn’t detest.

Living things as well as objects.

Anyways, it will eat anything.

We can’t communicate so there is no way to negotiate.

If we could gravely injure it we could defeat it, but sadly we don’t have that sort of war potential.

“Why did this thing appear when I was alone?!”

I only curse my bad luck.

When we got out of the forest that was filled with obstructions, the distance between that thing and me reduced in a breath.

It seems my time has come.

I really don’t think I can outrun it, and I can’t feel that thing will give up.

Giving up on running, I straighten my back and wield the giant axe that I was carrying. I turned around my back that was facing the spider.

My chances of winning are practically none.

Anyways, even when I took out my weapon to face it, this spider showed no signs of stopping.

Damn it!

“Don’t underestimate me!”

I divert the large body of the rushing spider by swinging my axe sideways.

Even if I went to the forest with an axe, it didn’t mean that I am a lumberjack.

The handle was long, large and double edged, an axe that shined a marvelous red.

It’s one of my masterpieces.

I thought it was good enough to inscribe it but when comparing it to the true great ones it’s still not comparable. I can’t approve that.

When I get out of this I will do closed training from the very start.

The spider retreated slightly from my attack.

But soon after its fast legs came at me.

It may be a monotone attack but the attacks were many.

Moreover what I had in my hands was a two handed dual headed axe.

Even if I go in the defensive, it was clear it wasn’t apt.

“You bastard, this… will it always be your turn damn it”

In the joints of the legs I can see a multiple textures that didn’t seem hard.

I can see it but, the important attack won’t reach.

Even when I shift to offensive I get repelled by the hard shell and I am unable to do proper damage at all.

Not only as a craftsman. I should have practiced the way to use the weapon a little.

No, I was not mistaken.

If I can’t even make proper weapons and I begin worrying about how to use them, no matter how much time I had, I would never be the best!

Not to slice nor to mow down.

I positioned my axe like a lance, I point it at the spider.

“Take this!!”

I shout the moment I active it.

From the tip of the axe, flames began to swirl and soon it covered the whole body of the spider.

Yes, it’s settled!!

This time for sure I will hit at the aimed spot and…

“W-What?”

A scene I couldn’t believe.

Inside the swirling flames.

The spider was eating it.

Making its mouth bigger, to the point of amazement it clearly split open.

The flames of the axe that were still being produced, it ate it like if it were drinking water.

The flames were already not permeating its body.

It was only gathering at its mouth now.

Is this thing really a living being?

Not minding that my plans were crushed, I thought about such a stupid thing while being dumbfounded.

Without even noticing that it was already in front of me.

A high pitched sound resounded through my ears.

A dull and large impact shook both of my hands.

The spider that was closing its mouth full of vigor.

The distance between it and me was super close.

That thing was chewing on something.

I soon discovered the reason of the impact I received and the reverberating sound.

What was on the top of the handle I had in my hands… disappeared.

It was eaten.

That spider ate my axe.

The sound of metal being crushed felt disturbingly loud in my ears.

The inside of my head went blank.

No good.

This thing is no good.

My spirit to resist was broken to the root.

I felt the energy in my legs drain.

“UoAAAaaaaa!!!”

I push the waist that felt like it would fall out with my yell.

This is not for the sake of fighting.

Throwing the axe that had only its handle left, I ran at full speed.

It’s not an opponent I can win.

On the contrary, I will without doubt be devoured.

Now that I think of it, it’s the conclusion I imagined.

Seeing my weapon get eaten in front of my eyes, I was pushed to run by my fear.

In this moments, reason will not help in anything.

I already knew what would happen when I turned my back to escape.

Even when I knew all that I still chose to run.

In terms of time it may be only a few seconds but the moment I felt shivers run down my body, I was flung forwards by a strong impact from the back.

However, what I can do, what I should do will not change.

If my legs can move I run.

Even if for only a bit I will escape from that.

I didn’t feel like fighting that thing again.

Flung away and falling many number of times, my consciousness was beginning to grow hazy.

If I stop moving I will die.

To think that so much strength was sleeping inside of me. This realization made me try even harder.

But the end came.

I couldn’t move properly now and the spider came rushing at me, showing me its sharp teeth.

No good, this is scary.

I am already a well-aged old man but I resigned to look at it.

Closing my eyes I waited for my end.

…

But suddenly, my body felt light.

Even so I still stayed there with my eyes closed.

I couldn’t move after all, I had no choice.

My whole life has ended.

There was no way to be saved.

…

But I couldn’t feel the presence of the spider closing in.

What’s happening?

Slightly opening my eyes I see that someone is carrying me.

Was there a shadow of a person?

Well I didn’t have the time to check my surroundings.

Could it be someone saw and saved me?

Can such a convenient happening occur?

“If I did this with a young lady it would be fine but to do this with a bearded old man like you just makes it feel gross”

“Uh?”

Opening my eyes properly, I check out the person that is carrying my body.

It’s a young woman.

A hyuman?

She had a slim body and was dressed in a strange outfit. A blue haired woman.

Though she clearly despised me. She looked at me with cold eyes that seemed to scorn me.

The reason was probably because I had my eyes closed and was simply waiting for whatever it was to come.

She said so a moment ago.

“Hearing that it was noisy outside I checked it out but to think I would meet with such a thing. Black Calamity Spider huh” (Woman)

“Y-You are?” (Old man)

“You? Watch out how you talk to me. Fumu, but a spider huh. For Misumi-samas’ training it might be the perfect opponent. That kind of grotesque and simple is just right to build resistance to” (Woman)

What is it? She was talking about something I don’t understand.

But now, what happened to the spider?

Somehow moving my neck I tilt my head.

From just that my body stung.

The spider was in a somewhat faraway place from where I am and it was struggling violently, trapped by what seemed to be a hazy something.

Is that something she did?

“Did you save me?” (Old man)

“It seems you are a person that doesn’t know etiquette. I can just throw you away you know? Wait, are you… a dwarf?” (Woman)

Does she know about us?

At any rate, is she telling me to mind my words in the state my body is in?

Well it is true she saved me, in this situation I should do just that.

How tiresome.

“I am named Beren. An elder dwarf” (Beren)

“Hoo! As I thought, a dwarf! Fumufumu. Fine. You have good luck. I shall save you” (Woman)

In that thin body, where is she getting all that strength?

A woman with a haughty attitude was easily carrying me.

In a princess carry.

“It hurts!” (Beren)

“Fuu, it’s not a fatal injury. Try to endure a bit. I will heal it later” (Woman)

“It would help me a lot” (Beren)

“It’s fine fine. It’s a reward for bringing an interesting thing. Fufu, spider huh. Hey, if you want to come then come. My master will take you on” (Woman)

That woman declared so to the struggling spider. While carrying me, we entered a hazy something that seemed to be created by her.

This hazy feeling that entered my nose. Is this mist?

Anyways, I am probably saved.

From that totally hopeless situation.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

“It looks like you are all fine now” (Woman)

“Thanks to you I have escaped with my life. Once again, my name is Beren. I live in the volcano belt that is somewhat far away from where you saved me. I am an elder dwarf” (Beren)

“I am Shen. I still haven’t received a name yet though. You have already seen him, I am Misumi-samas attendant” (Woman)

“Makoto-sama? So that’s how it is. He overwhelmed that spider”

It’s not like I remember everything.

I lost consciousness in the middle of it. What I remember is that while I was being carried by the woman that called herself Shen, that boy was fighting the black spider.

The spider that I couldn’t even lift a finger to, that boy fought well against with just a dagger.

Cutting away its leg, no matter how many times it regenerated he continued without minding. At the middle of it he used magic and brought it to an advantageous position. That fire arrow must be his specialty.

Until that point I was still conscious but if right now I am being receiving treatment, it must mean that he was able to defeat the spider and send it home.

I see, so his name is Makoto.

Not only does he have the strength to fight against the black spider alone.

Shen even uses –sama to refer to him. I should be calling him Makoto-sama as well.

I better add a –sama on Shen as well.

“Umu. It was a bit unexpected for me, but in general it was resolved without problems” (Shen)

“You were able to scare away the spider right? That’s great” (Beren)

“Scare away is… a bit different. It’s more proper to say we crushed it and made it submit” (Shen)

“Wa?” (Beren)

Crushed?

Submit?

“Misumi-sama left that spider completely beat up” (Shen)

“Beat up?” (Beren)

“When I thought it would begin running and was about to chase it, that spider, I don’t know it was thinking but it began to snuggle on Misumi-sama” (Shen)

“Snuggle?!” (Beren)

“Then, when I thought it went crazy from hunger, before I knew it, its stomach was completely filled” (Shen)

“Stomach filled?!” (Beren)

“Releasing a long time curse it became person”

“??????”

Whatisshesaying?

“Geez, even though it’s only been a while since he made a contract with me. For even a pervert like that to be attracted to him. What a troublesome person is Misumi-sama” (Shen)

No No.

Thatisnotthepointright?

“Y-You said it became a person. To be attracted? Um, could you please explain it in a more easy to understand way?” (Beren)

Without enduring it I ask for an explanation.

It’s because I have already given up on thinking of it with my head so I have no choice.

“Its just like how I told you. That spider was released from its hunger and became a person. And then it is, from the bottom of its heart, attracted to Misumi-sama. Therefore, the Black Calamity Spider will not appear anywhere in the world anymore” (Shen)

There is no spider anymore.

That thing that could be counted as a calamity in the world.

That thing has become attached to Makoto-sama?!

“Wait, wait” (Beren)

“Now, you seem to be able to move already so let’s go greet Misumi-sama. Hey, come” (Shen)

“Wawawawawawait!” (Beren)

“What is it? So noisy” (Shen)

“Wait a moment please! It’s the Black Calamity Spider you know?! Even if you defeated it, to exterminate it was impossible. Leaving aside its strength, it is the most wicked calamity you know?! It is impossible, too impossible!” (Beren)

“If you can’t believe it, you can just see the girl that was once a spider, beside Misumi-sama. Lets go” (Shen)

“Nonononono! Before that, I don’t know anything about you guys. I wish you could explain it to me a bit more before meeting Makoto-sama. Anyways, where am I? It must be some kind of teleportation but I haven’t heard there was such plentiful green place in the vicinity!” (Beren)

Anyway I continued to ramble.

It’s because I didn’t understand what is happening at all.

It could be possible that even if I was explained, I wouldn’t be able to understand it.

But, this kind of situation and then suddenly that boy. I know that it is bad to meet Makoto-sama.

Because he may be a ridiculously dangerous company.

“I have been explaining it to you since a while ago. I am Misumi-sama’s servant. Making a Ruling contract I became a servant, Shen. And Misumi-sama is my master. This place is A Sora (TL:Sub-heaven). Me and masters land. That spider is a new servant that has now come to serve Misumi-sama. The end” (Shen)

“Its not ‘The end’! I still don’t understand anything. Moreover, a ruling contract is not something that could be possibly done between two persons!” (Beren)

“Of course. I am not a person. I told you I was Shen. Do you know? The mirage controller Shen. In this wasteland it’s someone that many people should know though. Did I sleep too long that I was forgotten?” (Shen)

Shen-sama seems to be a bit depressed.

A ruling contract, it’s one of the contract magic that is used by the proprietor to make a pact with a demon beast or a mamono or even a low level spirit.

It’s certainly supposed to be a contract that is most beneficial to the magic user.

Makoto-sama?

That’s right, Misumi-sama is called Makoto-sama.

She repeatedly said that he was her master.

In other words, the one who is under control is Shen-sama.

And this woman is not a person.

Maybe because of the contract she became a person.

Based on this.

Shen.

The mirage controller Shen.

The existence that everyone in this vast wasteland knows.

?????

Wawawa, there is no way.

Is that possible?

“The mirage controller Shen? Sleeping too much? !!!???? Don’t tell me you are the Mirage Mist Dragon, Shen?! A Supreme Dragon, the “invincible” Shen?!” (Beren)

“What? You actually know me. To have temporarily tried to lie to me, you have guts” (Shen)

“T-That’s not it! No way, why is something like a Supreme Dragon making a ruling contract with a person, a RULING?!”

A ruling contract with a Supreme Dragon?!

Eh? Eeeeh?

“Hey, Beren. You!” (Shen)

Im… at my limit.

“This bastard, he lost consciousness” (Shen)

This is a normal reaction, is what I refuted to Shen-sama as my consciousness faded away.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

“What I have told you is all true! This is, this is an unprecedented opportunity!” (Beren)

I had returned to the elder dwarf village.

Afterwards I recovered my consciousness and with a calmer mind, I requested to meet Makoto-sama.

Makoto-sama is a person that has an incredible amount of magic power seeping out of his body, a gentle person.

I could feel a sense of immatureness, he seemed like a boy who wasn’t that old.

In that bountiful place they call Asora, I try to request him to let us migrate to it and practically all were positive answers, I felt like he was a person that I could get along well with.

But the one beside Shen-sama and that black haired woman, Black Calamity Spider.

Without doubt he wasn’t a normal existence. He is someone that had made those two serve under him.

And I was shown his ability, if only a bit.

I was able to be sufficiently convinced.

When I regained my composure at the middle of the conversation with Makoto-sama, I began to have an interest in their equipment.

The moment I get interested in something, I become unstoppable.

Those three great existences, even though they were strong, they were clearly not using equipment that was suited of their strength.

Makoto-sama seemed to be using a relatively good dagger but when I asked Shen-sama she said that his specialty was actually in using a bow.

He was able to defeat the spider without using his weapon of specialty.

Just how much…

No, I should stop thinking about this stuff.

Right now that is not important.

Anyways, the specialty of Makoto-sama, the bow, he only carried sorry looking ones at hand.

With repayment also in mind, I proposed that I would be making equipment for them.

They even accepted the migration so, it’s also a thanks for that.

I am not the head of the village or any such thing. I know the circumstances of our village.

We, elder dwarfs, create numerous strong armor.

We just give the equipment to the appropriate people, but since the moment they know of our existence, there will be people who will covet it.

Just like how hyumans and demi-humans do, to live in a bountiful place in the middle of town, it was too big of a risk.

For us there are a number of places that fitted our requirements.

First, a place that we can get good quality materials.

The other is a place that the owner will protect ourselves and the equipment.

Lastly, a place where we are able to live in.

After all, we are not living by making armor. It has to, at the very least, be possible to hunt to an extent where we can live. Those conditions were not that serious.

We are looking for that kind of place that can provide us this in a balanced way. When we stepped into the wasteland, we began living our lives as hermits.

Only staring at armor.

But, the chief sometimes talks about the most appropriate place and the ideal place we should be aiming for.

I remembered those words and somewhere inside my heart, I also agreed to them. In a way, I didn’t have a single doubt in asking Makoto-sama to migrate.

Let’s say.

The equipment we make with all our power finally attracts a strong settlement.

The strongest settlement is the ideal place we should be aiming for.

I could understand his feelings.

But I thought of it as only an ideal.

Because at some point, we had to limit ourselves and make weapons that could fit the person.

Ignoring the user and making a weapon that surpasses the potential of the one who uses it, there were some of those but I just have to question those actions.

But, if it’s those three.

It could be possible that, even weapons that are so strong it ignores the users’ commodity, they may be able to master them.

No, not only that. We would have to enter the hard route of making a weapon that would correspond to them, no, this may be a supreme bliss route.

That’s right.

I can’t mess up this negotiation at any cost.

“But Beren. That you could escape from the spider was luck, that you were saved is a thankful thing. For that to be your compensation is fine but, to believe in your words immediately is a bit pushing it don’t you think? After all, do you really think you can make a weapon that is fitted for them?”

“Wait. For now I will be inviting everyone for the sake of repaying them” (Beren)

“Fumu. It’s no good if it’s only me and you?”

—–

“Its reaaally an incredible place you know?! Moreover those 3 people I spoke about are strong enough to make you laugh. To make equipment for the strong, isnt that the goal we were aiming for?!” (Beren)

“The settlement of the strongest one huh. That is certainly what I said”

“Then please look at this!” (Beren)

Attitude of the chief seemed like it would not cut it. At this rate I wouldn’t be able to reach the conclusion I am expecting.

I take out my trump card.

“T-That is…!!!!!”

“To prove that what I said is true. A Supreme Dragon, The dragon Shen’s scale” (Beren)

“Unbelievable!! Umu, I havent seen a scale of Shen but this is not a scale from any normal dragon that much is something I can understand. It is not something that coincidentally fell in a place nearby, right?”

With dirt filled hands, the chief inspected the given dragon scale. His eyes open, he had the face of a craftsman that was appraising its material.

He has fallen by an 80%.

That’s what I thought while looking at the face of the chief.

“Not only that. They have information of weapons I have never heard of before. To migrate to Asora for us is…” (Beren)

“Mumumumu”

Now that it’s come to this, I just have to push it till the end.

Bringing him to Asora, just by presenting him to those three, the answer by a craftsman should be only one.

High quality dragon scales that someone would probably never get. I pushed and pushed and pushed to the very end.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

“Waka-sama right now is secluding himself and studying the languages, Beren” (???)

“It seems he headed to the settlement of the Hyumans. Since his words didn’t get through he received the attacks of the hyumans”

“He is easily able to speak with us, the lizardmans and Arke. This is really vexing. Even if I say so, the time he returned he didn’t have a single injury though”

“Yeah really. How much of a mystery can that guy be?”

I heard voices from the chiefs’ place, with only my head peeking and hiding with a mask I continued what I was doing.

Waka-sama is most like Misumi-sama.

Shen-sama is now called Tomoe-sama and the spider was given the name Mio-sama by Misumi-sama.

Those two great existances it seems, were given names by Misumi-sama.

Waka-sama. This seemed to be how Misumi-sama was called now.

That day, I successfully convinced the chief and was safely able to bring everyone to Asora.

Seeing that bountiful world they were deeply moved. Then we met the previous residents, the highland orcs, mist lizards and the Arke whose name I had only heard about.

Just as I thought, when the craftsmen saw Makoto-sama they shivered.

My hands were shaking, kind of reaction.

Hearing their requests, everyone began making the various weapons.

Taking into account the Highland orcs and the Mist lizards as well.

That’s right.

As if it were a natural thing, we began living in Asora.

There was barely any reason to object, so it wasn’t strange.

Supreme Dragon, Black Calamity Spider, and the one who rules them both Makoto-sama.

All of the weapons that were supposed to have been made over the limits, they were all unable to compare to them. We were in despair and at the same time extremely blissful.

The various masterpiece bows were given a number of times to Misumi-sama but some of them even broke.

It is supposed to use the power of the user to some point. For the weapon to not be able to handle the user is something that normally doesn’t happen.

This is interesting.

With a trembling voice the bow craftsmen muttered.

———-

“But, for a cursed ring to be made in a hurry and use a mask to go stealth. It is out of my expectations”

“Really. How is it going at the side of the ring?”

“Umu, it is not that complicated. After all, it only has an effect of sucking the magic power of its user”

“Truly a cursed ring. Fufufufufu”

“It’s not a laughing matter. For the beginning at the very least it has to have a good effectiveness. When I got a request on making the performance better and not thinking about the wellbeing of the body, I was surprised that they gave me a darkness filled ring. The good thing is that it can be taken off at any time”

“I heard that at a later time as well. I wanted to be there as well”

“It’s a cursed rings effect that was made using the maximum of its material after all. At the end, we were able to make the foundation. Later we only have to make the effectiveness better”

“Oooh! That is some progress there”

“Increasing the potential of this, it could become from a white to a red ring. To make the darkness filled ring, how about Beren?”

“On my side I only need to do the carvings on the backside. When I finish this creation, to conceal ones identity this would do the job properly. After all this was not for waka-sama, but for the ones who see waka-sama, the demi-humans and the hyumans” (Beren)

“That’s true. Then, let’s do one more push. When this is over, we will be able to properly enter the creation of armor for waka-sama and the others”

“Yeah, I am eager”

Spinning his shoulder, the chief disappears into the workshop with a simple ring.

Waka-sama went out of the wasteland and arrived at one of the bases of the hyumans.

But, he couldn’t communicate with them.

To not be able to use the general language of humans, and moreover to have that fearful amount of magic power seeping out of his body. They began to perceive him as a threat.

Being terribly depressed he came back to Asora.

Having such an amount of fighting power but to be like this… what a misbalance.

He is still young, is that how I should be seeing it?

When I asked, I learned that waka-sama was still 17 years old.

On top of that, in all his life the only time he has fought a proper fight is two times, making him a complete beginner. To have fought the Black spider like that.

It makes me think that not having those inexperienced parts would actually be strange.

Right now he is secluded in his room and learning common language and at the same time helping us a bit in the making of the ring.

Well, eventually their side will be able to handle somehow.

For me there was something I had to think no matter what.

The armor of Misumi-sama.

With these materials.

For that person and the persons around him to be impressed, I want to make that kind of armor.

Even the great veterans standing on the top were like kids with their glittering eyes, in their workshops making trials and errors all day.

On the name of the elder dwarfs.

I will make a fitting equipment for this great one.

That’s why Misumi-sama, please…

Do your best.





Chapter 17 - Truth, despairing my birth


I look around.

Without moving my head I check the state of the town with my eyes only.

It felt like a refugee camp.

As expected, it really is pushing it to call this a town. Is this the base where the hyumans gather in this land?

The buildings are properly made of wood (though they are at the level of log-houses). Here and there were buildings that I think are residences and shops and there was also a pretty different building that was made out of stone. It was heavily guarded and was practically telling that there was something important in there. It may be the place that the resources are stored.

From the gatekeepers story it seems that this was mostly a place where people that are training or are looking for resources gather. Leaving aside the ones who are here for training, the ones that come for resources, the attention they pay on that building is just different. They are probably thinking about inhumane thoughts. But isn’t it fine if it’s cheap?

In my case it’s my first time coming to a town but for all the other ones here, it is the ‘last’ town. Kids peacefully frolicking around the plaza, it’s wrong to expect such a pleasant sight huh.

I will explain what happened after that despairing day.

The conclusion, we were able to enter the town from the front entrance.

It looked like they didn’t think I was the same guy of the other day. As expected, a mask is almighty.

My mask is not one that covered my whole face, putting it in an extreme way, it was like I was going around with a blindfold.

I halfheartedly introduced myself as the heir of a company, ‘from buying to selling, we do practically anything’ is how I explained to the gatekeeper.

We also prepared a carriage with random and impromptu luggage so even when they found weird things in there instead of suspecting they even welcomed us.

They seemed to be especially interested in the fruits that weren’t dry. We only hurriedly packed in a box the fruits that we could harvest from Asora, so I feel a bit bad if you are to pay so much attention to it.

It’s a wasteland after all so maybe they feel happy about this kind of things. It may be because there was no verdant trees and shrubs on the way here and they consider this a valuable product?

A part of the elder dwarfs that migrated to Asora had been to a hyuman town so I have a slight knowledge of the prices in products but this kind of unique place is really a soothing reference. The knowledge I have is pretty outdated so I think it’s better to obtain some information.

It may have to do with the establishment in circulation of goods but the gatekeepers just a moment ago, their interest was directed to the raw fruits and vegetables.

In other words, it’s hard for fresh things to enter and its sell rate is high. I do think that it’s hard for people to transport products from other places to here.

Even if I say I won’t be staying for too long I won’t be doing cheap transactions that would mess up the whole economy. I don’t know what the surrounding merchants would do. It is dangerous to affect the prices as that is the way the merchants work.

If it’s like that, I should have just honestly said I was an adventurer. There are a lot of things to think about and honestly it is troublesome to walk as a merchant.

I had once decided to register myself as an adventurer after all. The adventurer guild, the dwarfs told me that there is such a fantasy like existence.

But right now it would be inconvenient to take that as my main occupation.

This is a place where people of high level come to train so.

If I were to register in the guild as a level 1 rookie, I would be considered as nothing in this town.

I will just leave it as registering for future reference so they can consent to it.

Then I will make the other two that are with me as bodyguards register properly. It would be bad if I don’t leave a high impression. It may affect the travels safety after all.

That I am a level 1 is a peculiar bug only I have, the other two have been confirmed to have a high level by the highland orcs.

By the way, in this world there is no limit in levels so it could limitlessly increase. When I asked if 99 is one of the highest, they told me that it’s confirmed some have several hundreds. Then I, who am in 1, just what am I?

It’s vague but it should be no mistake that the level of these two is over hundred.

And it seems that for hyuman standards it’s a pretty high stage. But the information that came from the dwarfs is already 30 years old.

The problem is…

“You guys, please spare me from scaring everyone around with cutthroat high levels okay?” (Makoto)

That is the problem. I know that they are over hundred but the moment they are accurately identified I feel that it will into an incredibly problematic situation. It may work for intimidation but I also feel that attracting unnecessary attention is a great demerit.

“Umu~ however, even we don’t know. More like, for us levels are a mystery, it is something that hyumans and demons keep in mind but it is of no interest for us” (Tomoe)

Well, you do have a point Tomoe-san. But for such a question mark like you to step in this world, please don’t let it be out of bounds okay?

“You are right-desu wa. But now that you mention it, a long time ago a hyuman party of level 250 or 300 was able to defeat one of my children. It seemed to be quite the fight and I heard several of them died” (Mio)

She must have remembered the report of a kin Arke. Mio came out with a vague story that could be used as a standard and at the same time it couldn’t be used as a reference.

Seriously? Wait a moment, maybe we should stop this guild registration. The Arkes are things that have full blast last boss aura after all. And it took several hyumans of level 300 to deal with it so it should be fine to think that Mio and Tomoe are even higher than that.

To stay here for 1 month and inspect the place, learn the market prices and businesses around and if possible I wanted to also know about the way the adventurers acted, but I feel like we would mess up quickly.

At any rate.

Somehow this town…

Is weird.

Well, it is the town at the borders after all. The last point after all. I can comprehend that there will be various races here.

I, to some extent, understand that the hyumans and demons are in bad relations to the point of war but if it’s not such a through thing that would even reach this remote place it would not be strange that they can coexist. There is the word “Bitter enemies”. It may be that it depends on the situation.

Instead of minding about shops, there are more street stalls with their products lined up. Thinking about the number of buildings in this town and the amount of resources, I can comprehend. It’s the foremost line camp that challenges this untrodden lands after all. It’s my first village.

But, why?

In this place.

Why is it that…

There are only beauties here?

“Na~, Tomoe, Mio” (Makoto)

“Mu, what is it waka?” (Tomoe)

“What might be your concern waka-sama?” (Mio)

The two that were walking at both of my sides turn their heads to face me. I did think they were incredibly beautiful but those monsters turned like this after the pact so I really want a privilege as well, seriously.

“Why is it that this town has so many handsome men and beautiful women? Is it that in this place only beautiful people can live? Is there such an unreasonable rule here?” (Makoto)

That’s right.

There are a lot of young ones, women and men and also hyumans and others as well.

Everyone is cool. Beautiful. Isn’t that unbelievable?!

I am not into self-masochism but if I were to line up this people with orcs at both ends I feel like I would definitely be an orc?

Eh? This is weird, the sweat in my heart might come out from my eyes.

What in the world is going on?

But now that I think about it, Tomoe and Mio don’t seem to be minding it that much.

Though their heads began to move around wildly.

“Really? I don’t see any especially beautiful person worth of attention though?” (Tomoe)

Tomoe, just what are your eyes looking at? The elf looking girl that just passed by your side, from what carving did she come from? Just plastering her shape can become a business you know?

“Eh~? There isn’t such beautiful girls in the surrounding though?” (Mio)

Mio, those earnest eyes that are looking for beauties, are you serious? From all I can see the people around can be models that can appear in shows.

“Are you seriously saying that?” (Makoto)

The two of them affirmed my statement. And in a really puzzled manner.

Maybe in this world, that level of outward appearance is normal?

A-Are you serious?

??? W-What is that, that is incredibly unaffectionate for me?!

Wait please. Waitwaitwaitwaitwait.

What is with this feeling that I have discovered an important truth and at the same time I feel I haven’t? Calm down me.

First.

My parents seem to be residents of this world.

In reality, they are two cool and cute looking couple. Umu, so in this world that is the average.

And then I also have an elder and younger sister. They are two beautiful sisters that have slightly weaker bodies. Yeah, just exclude me from that *tears*

Ugh… am I…?

Anyways, generally speaking, that both of my parents were hyumans and they gave birth to us in my previous world makes me not a human but a hyuman.

N? N~~~~?

Then, my normal appearance, no, in this place it’s a changeling-like level appearance, just what is up with that? (TN: Changeling wiki)

Did my mom commit infidelity? Or maybe she picked me up below a bridge? No, both of them are unthinkable.

“Waka, why are you making such a complicated face?” (Tomoe)

“Could it be you are feeling bad somewhere? Then should we enter a building?” (Mio)

I can hear voices of concern.

I see, so I’m making a complicated face.

Yeah!

I somehow understand!!

Even if I think about this, it will absolutely not have a decent conclusion!!

I stop, stop, stop.

“Nah, there is nothing wrong. More importantly…” (Makoto)

That’s right. Right now I should be studying about this world that I know nothing about.

“I want to hear your opinions about it at a later time. Especially about the price of the goods and their li-, no, check the gathered goods around” (Makoto)

Even if I say line-up Tomoe might understand but Mio could get confused. I should prepare words that can be understood in this times.

“Mumu, it sounds troublesome-desu na” (Tomoe)

“I understand-wa” (Mio)

If it’s a bodyguard it’s Tomoe. If it’s the chance to be a clerk it would be Mio.

“Then for now let’s go to the adventurers guild… is what its called right? Well, let’s go there. Tomoe, can you check where it is?” (Makoto)

If it’s me, apart from this two I would end up having to communicate by writing after all. Even now I am whispering in a way that they won’t suspect me.

Hn, its okay for me not to be able to speak those ‘a.u.e’ words that make me sound like a groaning senile old man. Because I have the lovely Japanese!

I don’t feel mortified at all.

“As you will” (Tomoe)

When Tomoe says so, she walked over to a middle-aged man that was opening his stall and asked him. This way of using other people to ask is right now the safest method for me. It’s sad though.

In that sense, to have two different type of followers is quite a grateful thing.

“Waka, from that angle we turn to the right and going straight at the end of the road you will find the adventurer guild, is what he said” (Tomoe)

That she was able to safely handle it, is a relief.

Now, let’s go then.

—-

~ Misumi Makoto’s diary. Going to the first village ~

My previous world.

That is a place I will most likely not be able to return to.

But in this new world I can’t help but think with the common sense of my previous world.

I think it’s pointless.

Because there is no worth in a world I can’t return to.

In my previous world I think I had below average looks. In reality, I was even aware that I was out of place in that archery club that was filled with beautiful people.

If I were to graduate like that and then show a photo of my previous club to my new friends, without doubt they would say ‘Eh? Why are you there?’

That peaceful world that approved diverse values.

From what I heard of Tsukuyomi-sama, my previous world seemed to be pretty harsh but at the very least I didn’t feel it that way.

The worth of a world that would even scare you to live your everyday live in. It’s a mysterious thing. Even though it’s harsh it’s also gentle.

The seed called hyuman, looked like a human. But their outward appearance was made beautifully.

I felt like I was watching the casting of top models.

Or maybe a super beautified CG created with the latest technology. That it’s abnormal is definitely not an exaggeration.

Anyways, no matter where you look its handsome men and beautiful women. The girl that I saw outside the town was just like them. If she were to be mixed with them she would be in the ordinary category.

Now I get why I was called a demi-human or ugly.

This beautiful people are not minding their outward appearance and are living desperately to survive. I will repeat it but, in my eyes I felt this was strange.

Will I be able to get used to this scenery?

People that look like they could get scouted to be performers are hugging their knees sitting in an alleyway with eyes that have lost their light.

It may be a difference in views but I still felt vexed by it. Even though they have been raised in a place with a certain advantage.

Really.

Everything in this world is a mystery.





Chapter 18 - Adventurer registration in the ‘last’ village


“Eh? Uhm, registration, you say?”

They blatantly told me ‘just what is this brat saying?’

As expected. There are no rookies who would register here huh. I understand that but.

“Eh. Even if we say that, the one here is only for reference purposes. The ones who want to genuinely register are us two-desu” (Mio)

Mio complements without a moment of hesitation.

“I see. However, you guys really have a suspicious appearance but, that person there, what is he?”

The woman looks at me and asks for an explanation. Saying ‘eh?’ and then looking at me with dubious eyes, telling me I am suspicious right in front of my face.

She is seriously cute-ssu. It wouldn’t be strange if she were published in a weekly gravure magazine. But it hurts even more because of that though!

Well~ in my left hand I have a pink and white finger ring.

On my body I have a large sized gray robe and the top half of my face is hidden by a mask.

Its suspicious right? And moreover, the person in question doesn’t talk.

“This person here is the upcoming heir of the company but since infancy he has been afflicted by a heavy disease and can’t properly speak. Moreover, in the middle of his journey he was involved in an incident and has received a severe curse” (Mio)

With the word curse, the woman looks at me as if I am dirt. A look that can stab. It has high internal piercing capability…

What is with this brutal setting? Was my life that horrible? I can feel its half-heartedness.

Mio was explaining and looks at me, her face twitching trying to hide her discomfort. More like, you were the ones who thought of this setting.

I hear a clattering sound at my side, when I turn to check what is was, Tomoe was trembling while holding her katana!

Wao!

I hurriedly grab the hand of Tomoe and glare at her. With a reluctant face, a rea~lly reluctant face Tomoe nods and lowers her head.

You guys were the ones who thought it out!

“For the sake of restraining the curse, he has no choice but to wear that mask and ring. But my employer is a person that excels in his maryoku and can communicate with it” (Mio)

Mio signals me with a glance.

In the space a little to the side of my face I use maryoku to write [Hello] in common language.

The woman seemed to be surprised by the situation and was convinced. It looks like I can somehow manage to communicate with writing. That’s a relief.

“As you can see there is no issues so please do pardon us. Both of us have confidence in our abilities, but since we were originally serving master we haven’t been able to register in the guild. But we thought that for future’s sake we should register so” (Mio)

Tomoe also nods lightly at the words of Mio.

“Is there any problem?” (Mio)

In the gentle words of Mio there was a coercing power mixed in. As expected, this girl is angry. Well, since last time I made Tomoe ask for the directions this time I left the explanation job for Mio but, now I am perplexed in who I should leave the job of explaining things. I will just wait-and-see for now.

“Ah, no! If there is such circumstances then there is no problem. As you already know, this place is where a lot of strong people gather so there hasn’t been a single one that has come here to register. Um you see, sorry for my discourtesy”

It seems we will be able to register. More like, nee-san, I am sorry for scaring you, really.

“Well then, for the sake of registering I will have to identify your levels first. In that respect we still have to prepare so, if you are okay with it should I explain the things regarding the guild while we wait?

Most welcome. I tell Mio that I agree with it.

“Please do so” (Mio)

“Yes. The guild is, as you can imagine, a place where the adventurers are able to obtain various kind of jobs. The jobs rank from E to SSS, and the respective adventurers who have the same rank are able to undertake the job”

Rank huh. I see, and that is how they are able to give the jobs to the people with the proper ability. Well, if they were to throw them out randomly it would become a trust problem so it’s a given.

“And about ranks, the guild calculates the success rate of the jobs and the level to elevate your ranks”

“Ara, then, does that mean that even if you are high leveled you still have to begin from the lowest rank-desu no?” (Mio)

Mio, where does your confidence come from? It’s fine to just obediently hear the explanation.

There is no helping it, even when you have the power, if there is no proofs and trust then how are they going to judge you?

“T-That’s right. Even if your level is 80 or more you will still have to partake on rank E jobs. It’s just that, of course in those cases the jobs will be easy to deal with so their ranks will increase faster than their peers”

“Such a hassle-da na” (Tomoe)

Tomoe you are saying such things again!

I don’t need troubles! Just obediently listen! Are you kids?!

When I look at them with a reproving gaze, they both lowered their heads and correct their postures. Really.

“Depending on the rank it is further divided into minus, unbranded and plus depending on difficulty. For example, if you are to finish 3 jobs of plus you will be able to increase one rank. Unbranded is 5 and if it’s minus its 10 times”

Luckily the woman continued explaining without minding about it. She has to deal with rough hoodlum like adventurers so it may be that she is already used to this.

More like, the beauty and the hoodlum huh. I feel like I want to see that and at the same time I don’t.

Hm I see, it has certainly made a bit easier to climb up in ranks.

Then, it’s just a matter of letting these two do plus jobs.

I respond with an Un~ (TN: N=Agree or understand), do I have a question that can be of reference?

Just by thinking about my fight with Mio and Tomoe makes me feel it’s pointless.

Ah, there is one.

I will ask about it later.

“Also, regarding the special rank missions, they are missions that any ranked person can take. However, in those cases we won’t hear any talk about insurance. Also, if we judge that your level is too low to take it, we will have to refuse the acceptance”

Oh? It sounds like a dangerous job.

“This is a case when no matter the rank, the job keeps failing and it becomes free in a sense, and if you are specifically requested it also falls into this rank”

“If you are in the former case and you are able to successfully finish it as a rank lower than S then you will be able to rank up without any discussion. If it’s in the latter then you are able to receive a compensation that exceeds the market price, but as an exception it will not be counted in your ranking”

Oh~. I withdraw my previous remark. I will have both of them take the special missions if they are available.

“Also, by entering the guild you are able to utilize the establishments and receive the assistance of our aiding organization. You will be able to obtain things at a comparatively cheaper price”

O~! That is quite nice!

It’s like getting benefits with no conditions! I had my doubts that the adventurer guild was actually a bad natured organization that overworked their members but it may be a pretty decent place.

“However, the one there…”

Hm? Me?

“In the case of him, I think he is already registered in the merchants’ guild so the service there would take precedence. The rules say that, in the case that you have two or more entries in influential guilds, the merchant guild’s agreement will be taking precedence, so do keep that in mind”

I see. Actually, to think there is a merchant guild for the merchants. This was a blind spot. I thought fantasy= adventurer guild. So there are quite the number of guilds out there huh. In terms of living it should be like this. A functioning union, I have memories of learning that at school.

It must mean that it is okay to enter but it’s not good to do so.

“Do not do something like utilizing the privileges of adventurers to buy out everything, and there is also the issue of the public eye, so I hope that you can please understand”

Well, I don’t have thoughts of doing anything bad so there shouldn’t be any problems.

Fumu, so the general explanation is done huh. For something that she is not used to do, she was able to properly explain it. It’s a thankful thing.

Using my hands to attract her attention, making sure that she is certainly watching, I begin writing words.

[I have two questions. Where can I get the information of famous adventurers? Also, how high is the rank for subjugating Liz?] (Makoto)

After looking like she was confirming something, she faced my way and began explaining.

“First of all, regarding the information of high ranked adventurers, if it’s just the rank and level then they are posted over there. We regularly update those so there is rarely any errors about them. And then, about the subjugation of Liz…”

“The nest extermination, group subjugation, securing area, which case of request would you like the rank to be?”

Otto, it seems kind of complex. But those are all cases that ‘exist’ so… Fumu.

[I would like you to tell me about the ‘securing area’ and ‘group subjugation’ cases] (Makoto)

I continue and request her.

“If its ‘securing area’ then it would be affected depending on the fangs, and eyes obtained but generally it would be a C plus. If it’s ‘group subjugation’ it would be a B”

‘Though…’ the woman continued.

If it’s just securing the area, the hardships don’t fit its rank so there aren’t many who would take them. And also in the group case, the Liz are especially troublesome ones so they are normally in the special mission ranks.

That I took care of one with a single flying kick, I can’t tell her that.

At any rate, judging by the way the ranks are divided… the chances of the level of these two being cutthroat are really high.

After giving my thanks to the onee-san, ‘I am going to check out the high level list’, I tell the two of them that and leave my place.

It would be fine if there are level 300 or 400 all over the place but if that is not the case I can’t have these two register here.

Thinking that, I head to the place where the list is located.

……

…

The first place in the list.

Rank SS, level 444, Milz Ace.

Ace must be his family name. I think Misumi is pretty strange as well but Ace huh.

Furthermore, what an ominous level. I can see a death flag.

The one under is S rank, level 280. A normal name.

Well, both of them must be incredibly beautiful though.

If I think about the difference between the first place and second place’s levels, I can infer that Ace-san is really strong. And if they can’t reach the level 500 then, Tomoe and Mio…

It’s decided.

Farewell to registering. With that reason in mind let’s get some leisure. That’s fine.

Eh?

While I was confirming the list, why is it… that my back is so noisy?

When I got concerned and turned back, what I saw in my eyes was, my two followers with paper in hand.

Hello? You guys, why is it that you couldn’t get the hint of why I went to check the high ranked list?

That, it looks like a paper that can check out something you know?

Wa? Normally in the situations where you are dropped to another world, the problem developments are caused by the master right?!

Why is it that the ones that were originally residents from this world, are the ones that are tying my legs?! Pulling them!

For now, I should hurry. It’s not that much of a distance. I will quickly return to the side of the two.

A paper that was the size of an origami paper. Both of them had a red color.

There seemed to be a complex pattern in it.

Ah~ I get it. I have gotten it. This is the paper for level distinction. There is no doubt.

And the original color is not red. That its red is the problem.

The gazes in the surrounding hurt. A bone chilling pain.

The gazes of the crowd that remind me of game show events, they hurt.

If they paid attention to what we said, they would be able to know immediately that I was related to them.

Without releasing a loud shout, I glare at both of them with all I had.

Finally, they seem to have understood that they have done a mistake. You two bird brained girls!

“Ehm~ so. It seems like the moment I took the paper it turned completely red” (Tomoe)

Tomoe was going ‘a wa wa’ while smiling bitterly.

Mio was nodding in consent.

Both of them seem to have understood that I was seriously glaring at them. You should have learned that a few minutes ago!

I seek an explanation from the onee-san in duty.

Before I knew it, the onee-san’s had increased by one. Cat ears~ there are proper beast races here as well. Umu, Good Job-desu Felicia-san! Well, as expected she is still wearing clothes though.

Blue and Pink, I have already gotten used to the wig-like colors.

In the first place, a real beast race, originally I would say a word or two in surprise the first time I meet one but, I have already seen orcs and lizards that are even more shocking so I was able to calmly accept this.

“Uhm, this is a paper that can distinguish level from 400 and up but…”

The onee-san seemed to be incredibly nervous. Well I can’t blame her, two people that are suddenly placed in the ranking of best 3 are in front of her.

The two of them are probably top rankers that leave Ace-san in the dust.

This patterned paper changes its color to distinguish the level of the person. It’s a disposable article, what a waste.

These two, so it’s already certain that they are over 400 huh. More like, if I say we won’t be registering anymore in this situation, it probably won’t work.

No choice, let’s just check it out.

I had already decided not to do it and yet… *sigh*

Ah~ my happiness is flying away~

——

“U-Uhm, then… with this paper of 625”

I signal Felicia-san who was preparing the next one, to stop.

[These two have the ability to protect me in this wasteland for at least 1 week without me receiving a single injury] (Makoto)

I haven’t told a lie. But it pisses me off that those two are looking like it would be an easy thing to pull off!

[If we are talking about ability it would be Arke-class. They are able to defeat a mamono of that class. So I would want you to prepare something that is even higher than this] (Makoto)

The curious onlookers were making a stir.

Arke?! Those are the spider monsters considered the incarnations of darkness you know?! Its the kin of the Calamity Spider!

If we are talking about those starving ones its 900?! Hey hey, just where did this two experts come from?!

If it comes to the paper of 1600 then they could even compare to spirits!

Impossible, it must be a malfunction from the paper! That’s right, in the past with Ace it was unnatural as well. For him to increase his level so suddenly!

I can hear a lot of voices. Honestly, I want to close my ears. Aren’t spirits the ones that are related to that bug goddess? I think I heard Tsukuyomi-sama say that.

“900 to 1,600?! A-Are you serious? We have never used that one before, I will go check the inventory!”

Felicia-san rushes out.

“Waka, is it okay?”

‘They are going to make an uproar’, is what they were telling me.

Its already too late!

I ignore them, ignore!

Oh, Felicia-san is back. How fast.

“Uhm, here it is”

Oh~ as expected, it’s big. It’s the type that you have to hold with both hands.

N, she seems to have unfastened what looked to be fixtures on the ends.

I can feel a strange maryoku wafting around the whole paper.

Humph~

It’s already time. Let’s study this thing that can distinguish levels.

[Tomoe, let’s begin with you]

I order her with writings.

“Understood” (Tomoe)

Tomoe grabs the paper that was left on the counter, with both hands.

From the paper to Tomoe, from Tomoe to the paper. I could tell there was a certain exchange between the two powers.

Its not only maryoku. It feels just like the time when I create [Sakai], its like your power begins to surround your body.

The water colored paper is beginning to dye red from the right hand of Tomoe. Now that I think about it, Tomoe is right handed. Does that have anything to do?

The commotion grows bigger. A third of it has already turned red. With this it’s certain that its over 100.

Half.

3/4th. N, the movement is weakening. The staining grew sluggish in a second.

80%, it stopped in a place that it’s not quite clear if it has completely stopped.

A, the maryoku that was surrounding the paper has disappeared.

Is it already okay for another person to touch it?

But Felicia-jo (TN: jo=miss) took out some kind of special glove, puts it on, and timidly places the fixtures once again.

It looks like she is reading something from the fixtures. Humph~, so that is what lets you read the numerical value of your level. I am probably right.

Felicia-jo lifts up her head and sighs once. She seems to have written down something, next, the card shaped metal plate she prepared, I could tell that she was applying maryoku to it.

She must have finished carving the seals in it, when the woman resumes her evaluation once more…

The paper got covered in flames for a second and disappeared. I felt like I was watching a magic show.

Maintaining it secret? Protection of privacy?

Or maybe, the used paper has some kind of danger?

What I clearly understood was that, that paper is a disposable article.

“With this, the registration is completed. T-This is Tomoe-sama’s adventurer guild registration proof”

“Oh~ the mithril plate is reflecting my face. How is it, waka?” (Tomoe)

I will just nod at her. It’s troublesome to communicate with writing after all. Anyways, it appeared pretty nonchalantly, mithril. The appearance of this fantasy metal is just a plain metal huh. It doesn’t glitter.

E rank and level is… yeah, she will definitely stand out in the future.

After all,

“Tomoe-sama’s rank as well as her level is…”

The sound of gulping, was no metaphor, I could clearly hear it.

“E rank, l-level… 1320-desu”

That’s why~

“It’s currently the highest level… in all the adventurer guilds”

!!!!!!!!

What did she say?!

Number one?!

“Oya oya, how generous. To think I would suddenly be number one. Can I ask how high the runner-up is?” (Tomoe)

She seems to be in good mood. Just how much are you trying to stand out?!

But I have interest in it. Just how much was the level of the top adventurer.

“Currently it’s the ‘dragon killer’ Sofia Bull-sama desu. Rank SSS, level 920-desu”

Tomoe you idiot.

Even the adventurer that has such a dangerous looking nickname like ‘dragon killer’, stops in the 3 digits!

“Hoho~ ‘dragon killer’ you say? Just what dragon did that person hunt?” (Tomoe)

Narrowing her eyes, she asks in a merry manner.

That’s right, this girl was also a dragon.

“I heard that the party of Sofia-sama, if I am not mistaken, has subjugated the superior dragon ‘Lancer’ that was haunting the empire”

“’Lancer’? ho~ He even haughtily called himself “Mitsurugi” after all. That fool” (Tomoe)

Wow, how dry. Her low voice even had a hint of fun.

I even want to praise me who is famous for having a poker face. If I weren’t like that I would have long burst out after looking at that plate.

However, that Tomoe. There is no mistake that he was an acquaintance of her, is it that the relationship between the dragons at the top is not good?

Anyways, its so cool, a dragon that has the nickname of “Mitsurugi”.

I would have wanted to meet him while he was alive.

“Then, it is fine if I am next, right?” (Mio)

Ah, that’s right. There was still Mio.

I can somehow imagine it but she must be over 4 digits as well.

In the middle of measuring…

Done!

Okay, 90% totally red!!

The hands that were giving the metal plate were trembling.

Well of course, if you know that the person in front of you is able to kill a dragon then the onee-san there, obviously has a reason to be trembling.

The pitiful words of the girl that had her face drenched in sweat.

“Mio-sama, E rank, level… o-1500-desu”

Oka~y, You Ar Numbah Uan!

You guys do the Koumon-sama play all by yourselves.

Uwah~ we stand out. From now on we will be stand out incredibly. A newcomer merchant that has bodyguards that are both 4 digit levels. Even if you look all over the world I would be the only one!

“What did you say?! There is no way Mio is 1500 and I am 1320! Hey, attendant. Bring another paper over, we will seriously measure!” (Tomoe)

Ah~ geez. Am I the only one that can stop my party?

*Tap*Tap

I tap the shoulders of Tomoe.

[In the time you were sleeping, Mio was fighting so, in a sense, it’s the obvious conclusion. Next, it’s my turn] (Makoto)

While Shen was sleeping soundly in that mountain, Mio was starving and was going all around the world causing disaster. It’s not strange for her to have more experience.

If you ask me if the word “experience” is the fitting word for it. Even if my confidence of it is zero, I trust my instincts.

‘What is with the ‘it seems like…’-desu zo?! What are you trying to say?!’ is what Tomoe was saying but I left it for Mio to handle, I head over to the counter.

[I am counting on you] (Makoto)

I say so in my writing.

Felicia-jo nervously hands over a paper of 900.

I unintentionally smile wryly.

“It’s okay for me to have the smallest one” (Makoto)

Saying that, I decline the paper that was the size of two hands.

Because it’s probably unnecessary.

When I did that, the one that came out was the nostalgic paper that looked really similar to the one Ema-san took out once.

It’s this one, this one.

I hold it in my left hand.

Oh? There is a change. Oh~ did I level up too?

Then, it tightly stopped.

This paper has no special pattern, how is it that it evaluates the level?

How do I say it? The gazes from my surroundings hurt. They are stabbing at me without mercy.

It would be a lot better if you were to laugh at me.

“Uhm, Raidou-sama… E rank, level 1-desu”

She told me in a clearly dispirited voice.

That’s right~ I already knew it.

It’s okay, I already knew it after all.

By the way, I am going by a fake name in this world.

It wasn’t because of the Goddess and hero stuff but well, most of the reason was because I felt like it.

The gazes in my surrounding seem to not know what to do. The name, level and rank are things that are public information so in the future there is no way to hide the information of both of them.

It’s okay for me to walk the plain route.

It’s also a saving for me. The public information that is shown to others, normally prioritizes the high ranked so as long as we don’t raise our ranks too high the information of both of them won’t be spreading that fast. Probably.

I firmly rejected the detailed examination of the status. I honestly want to cut off anymore information! I don’t know what kind of weird numbers would come jumping out.

Personally I wanted to know my own numbers but… hey hey, let’s look for a way to search for a way to investigate my relatives.

Now then, let’s go to the inn while we are looking at the stalls. The onee-san in duty told me that there were a number of inns that were cooperating with the guild.

Thanks to the adventurers that were avoiding my two slaves, it felt like the place had become wider and we were able to walk leisurely.

We left out to decide on this night’s inn.





Chapter 19 - Revenge on Kaku-san


“It’s the Kuzunoha company-sama right? Do you have your merchant guild plate with you?”

[No, I lost it on the way. I will have one re-issued for me at a later town so just treat us as normal guests, no, lodge us as adventurers] (Makoto)

Writing that, I take out my level 1 adventurer plate in the reception of the inn.

I decided that from now on if they were to ask me my social status I would present myself with the name ‘Kuzunoha Company’ that I thought of, and show ‘my’ plate. Honestly, I feel that if we show Tomoe or Mio’s plates it would only stir unnecessary trouble.

HuHumph~ But isn’t this nice? I am Raidou-san, the heir of the Kuzunoha Company-desu yo. *TN: Devil Summoner reference*

Is this my long awaited debut? I have become a summoner! In a form that I do not desire…

—There is no houseboy in sight, and no test tubes. It is truly a name only—

Even though I long for, I won’t hope for it. HAHAHA, this sounds like a riddle.

My two followers are monsters so it’s fine if I call myself a summoner. In terms of race they would be Dragon King and Wicked maybe.

“So you lost it? What a misfortune. In this area we only have the branch office of the merchant guild after all. It must be quite inconvenient for you”

[I traveled in a dangerous place so it’s good that it just came to that. I originally didn’t plan to come to the borders after all] (Makoto)

More like, I didn’t have plans on coming to this world.

“It’s good that you are fine. For you to be able to arrive at this base without any prior arrangements is close to a miracle, honorable guest”

[It’s because my companions are skilled. I wish to get two rooms. Are they available?] (Makoto)

“Yeah, of course. However, we only have the most expensive room available, is it okay with you?”

Tch, so that’s how it’s going to be. But the other inns don’t have a sky view. Due to the season there are no proper rooms.

It is a bit shameful for me to say it but an adventurer and a normal guest are different quality of customers so I would like some kind of distinction in their rooms.

To think that the established lodgings had so much popularity.

Ugh, I thought I would be able to get a room if I just said ‘how much gold would one honorable guest be for?’

[How much will it be?] (Makoto)

“Let’s see. It’s a lodging as an adventurer so the caring of your carriage and horse will be more expensive”

Ugh~, to have a merchant guild preference would have meant that the carriage would be counted as well.

“The lodging fee will be treated as an adventurer so it will be slightly cheaper than when treated as a merchant”

“And…”

It seems like he is having troubles saying something, this reception-kun. Junior, from what Gal-game* character did you come from?

His fidgeting appearance fits him too well.

[What is it?]

“It’s about your cargo but…”

I nod and press him to continue.

“With an adventurer treatment we will look after you carriage but we can’t warrant the safety of your cargo. I am truly sorry but, if there is the case of a robbery, we will not be taking responsibility for it”

It was quite a difficult matter to say. Truly.

Well, an adventurer normally doesn’t leave in custody a carriage filled with luggage.

And in the case of merchants, the carriage is normally filled with goods. The responsibility that the inn would have to take would be big.

Moreover, this place.

The public order in here is probably not that good. I have never heard about a refugee camp that has public order regulation.

[I don’t mind. In terms of my cargo, no matter what happens, I will not charge for responsibility] (Makoto)

“Then, three persons, care for the carriage and 1 night. That will be 6 gold”

So expensiiiive!!

Oh?!

Is the economic knowledge that the dwarfs taught me already a thing of the past?

I thought that the price of the lodgings would be in silvers at most.

In this world, the currency runs in silver and gold. And then there is the one called Moria-silver, a metal that has traces of maryoku, if processed it becomes demon-silver coin. Taking 5 demon coins it would be equivalent to the processed yellow-gold coins.

I thought that Moria-silver was the pseudonym of mithril. It seems that in this world it’s a different thing. If it were the same thing they would be able to make the adventurer plate into a demon-coin after all.

By the way, there is an easy way to explain it in terms of current Japan.

Copper coin = 10 yen. Just how it looks.

Silver coin = 1000 yen.

Gold coin = 10,000 yen.

Is how it would go. Demon coins would be 1,000,000 yen. The yellow-gold coins is a piece of fine art and is super high class, like the Koban*. It’s even said that you can make a castle with it.

In the Edo-era there was something that was even more valuable than Koban and the exchange rates in those times was pretty similar. For example 5 ryo of medium size and 10 ryo of large size.

A normal office worker’s salary would be 2-30 silver coins. I noticed that it felt pretty deflated.

Above all, it should be fine to just use gold normally. Because you have to change the silver into gold in order to buy and that is troublesome. I pray it’s just this place that is like this. Just because 1 gold coin is the same as 1 ryo, please spare me that the buying system will be just as troublesome.

Wa~ for one person to stay one night is 20,000 yen?

A frontier I want to enter but can’t, and even when I enter I learn harsh reality. Isn’t that way too much?

Moreover, there is no insurance for your carriage!

What should we do? Is a merchant supposed to come here with a broad-mind?

But the gold I have is the money that the dwarfs gave me, they did tell me that it was unnecessary for them so it’s okay for us to use it anyway we want but…

If we sell our goods, will we be able to get enough money?

What a commoner I am.

“Then for now, 10 days please”

?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!?

I didn’t want to show my agitation so I just slowly turn to the side.

There I could see Tomoe-san with a wallet (that’s how it looks to me) and taking a gold coin and leaving it in the counter.

Taking 2 gold coins.

3 gold coins.

I could hear the BGM of hi~fu~mi.

Where is your sense of money? I see~ there is no way you have.

But you, your whole fortune is 100 coins you know?

Are you just going to throw away 60 of them?

10 days of stay would be 600,000 yen, awawa. Since when did I become such a celebrity?

600,000 to stay in this log-house.

“Certainly, then, let me guide you to your room”

“Ah~ and also”

Tomoe stops the shota* from the counter with a prideful expression. This idiot, what is she going to say now? (TL: a cute or handsome young boy)

“Yes?… hiii!!”

“Waka is a kind one but I am a bit short fused you see, I get reproved a lot” (Tomoe)

Tomoe takes out from her bosom the plate that has a mad level carved in it, as if it was nothing and continues. This looks like a threat…

“I have been looking at the inn for a while but, ‘no vacancy’ huh. For us to be able to stay here is truly a blessing. Is the price reasonable?” (Tomoe)

“That is, of course. It is such a place and I consider that it’s the best place around here”

The boy that responds while trembling. Eh, this guy. He is a bit suspicious.

“That’s a relief. Because the last inn’s best room was 1 gold for 3 persons a night so, I was a bit doubtful. I was just about to blow away the whole inn if there was any sort of deceit you know? Fufufufu” (Tomoe)

Tomoe is gently laughing. Only her mouth.

I thought she didn’t look at her surroundings, this girl, she unexpectedly is.

When I check it out, Mio was also giggling. To laugh only with your mouth has a certain violent feel to it. Though the moment they open their mouths I can only see them as disappointing girls.

“I will confirm it one last time-ja, in this place its 6 gold a night right?” (Tomoe)

“Uh… that is, um…”

So they were really overcharging us huh. With a pretty face that looks like he wouldn’t be able to kill a bug, to pull off such a villainous act.

No, it’s normal huh. He is just a short male. Hmm, I can’t get used to this.

To not judge a single bit by appearance, I feel it’s a bit hard for me right now.

When I see a beautiful girl my face still becomes loose. I am a man after all, I can’t help it you know? I’m a fresh high-schooler.

Ah, now that I think about it, does this world have schools?

“I-It was 2 gold! I made a mistake, I am sorry!”

He made a buckling apology. But you know, even with that, a night is still is still over 60,000 yen.

Hey. Just because I am wearing such a stylish mask don’t go making the price 3 times higher okay?!

If this place were like a palace I would accept it though.

Just because it’s important to live under a roof don’t go pulling me this.

“Hohou~ quite the ‘mistake’ you did there huh. Tto”

Bakya!

Tomoe slipped (faked) and her leg destroyed the floor.

The boy who saw the hole stood still, his face pale.

“Sorry, sorry. It looks like the floor was a bit old” (Tomoe)

Of course that wasn’t the case. With the color of the boy’s face, one was able to infer it.

“Tomoe-san, please be careful okay? Ah that’s right, boy-san. The remaining money we will be taking it at a later time so, please do take care of it okay?” (Mio)

Mio is also merciless. Now he has to hold onto the money for 10 days and take responsibility in safekeeping it, without a choice.

If there is less, or there are rumors that it has been stolen…

“No way?! I-I will be returning right now so…!”

“No no, it’s a pain so. Master doesn’t mind such an amount of money. I am looking forward to the meal. One that is fitting of the price. Meal wise” (Mio)

Mio sweetly smiles and the boy quickens his pace. If there is no will to receive it, then they will not forgive any objections. They told him to go ahead.

…

I have been thinking about it but…

These fellows that can proceed a conversation so smoothly, why is it that they cause a commotion in the guild?

I don’t understand. I can only feel deep evil intentions in their actions.

The boy stands still after showing us our room.

His face turns to me as if asking for salvation.

Are you a Chihuahua?!

I will tell you now, I am not a dog but a cat man!

That’s not it.

Even if I am into dogs, I wouldn’t think about saving an evil chihuahua that tried to deceive me.

Ha~

Even though I decided not to sigh anymore… I ignore the face of the boy and enter the room that was shown to me.

—-

“Yareyare, I didn’t know what would happen but we were able to clear it up” (Tomoe)

“That boy will probably be stiff from now on. He tried to gain large amounts of money and now he has to protect that money, ufufu” (Mio)

“Tomoe and Mio, your personalities are pretty bad. The boy has fault in it as well so I can’t say much though” (Makoto)

We are already inside the room so it should be fine to speak.

Of course, I am not expecting that the place is soundproof though. If I don’t talk loudly the people outside shouldn’t be able to hear me.

“It looks like the price is a lot higher than what we heard it would be” (Makoto)

“It’s a remote region after all. It seemed like the service has some issues so it can’t be helped” (Tomoe)

“Yeah, the prices of products was an abnormality in itself. The water had a higher price than a knife. And the monsters’ fangs and claws were higher than the water” (Makoto)

“Are they tasty?” (Mio)

“No, isn’t it because they are materials? Mio, let’s stop thinking of everything as food okay?” (Makoto)

She is an insatiable spider after all.

“The things that can only be obtained here are being sold at a really high price. After that we have the things that are hard to obtain. Then we have the common armors and protection. How warped huh” (Tomoe)

Tomoe is unexpectedly looking at things objectively.

Its true that in this place the normal weapons are really cheap. One of the reasons is because, probably, the usability is low. A normal weapon will quickly be unusable and has to be changed constantly.

Special products and most likely their materials are being sold at truly high prices.

But it slightly preoccupies me.

Even if we call it normal equipment, there is the labor work as well and it takes materials. With that, it’s still cheap.

And the pleasantries and commodities are fairly expensive.

I don’t like this, so even in other worlds there is political influence.

“By the way, there seems to be a merchant guild. Is it okay for us to sell at our own convenience?” (Makoto)

“Fumu, there is certainly a branch section here as well” (Tomoe)

“If it’s not okay wouldn’t they have come stop us?” (Mio)

With how things are, that is no good. It seems Mio is not that fitted to do business.

“Then that would make the ‘I lost it’ words of waka have issues. A company that doesn’t even know the common sense of the merchant guild, that would make the words of the heir lose credibility” (Tomoe)

The one that was supposed to be stupid, Tomoe, unexpectedly said something I wanted to say.

“Well, that’s how it is. Mio, I am sorry but, could you go to that branch office and say some half-hearted thing like wanting to enter the guild so you can get information about their rules and regulations?” (Makoto)

“Eh? Now, like, right now waka-sama?” (Mio)

“Yeah. Because by tomorrow the information about you two will surely be spread all over the town. Today is the best time. Now, go go” (Makoto)

“Geez, I get it. I will go do it” (Mio)

Mio reluctantly left the room.

“How nice-desu na. You are truly learning how to use your followers. That’s how my rouko* should be” (Tomoe) (TN: Elder nobleman)

“I am not a rouko! If you guys didn’t stand out we wouldn’t need to be doing things so stealthily you know?” (Makoto)

“However, to investigate things after reaching your room, isn’t that the epitome of Mito Koumon?” (Tomoe)

Tomoe-san tilts her head. Like I have been telling you, please don’t go relating things to Koumon-sama.

“No no, it is not decided that there is an evil magistrate at this place anyways” (Makoto)

“There should be one” (Tomoe)

“Why are you so sure?!” (Makoto)

Is the world so ridden with evil?!

“The prices of the products are way too abnormal after all. No matter how I think about it, there must be something” (Tomoe)

She is seriously sharp. Could it be that when she enters ‘period drama’ mode her stupid neurons go away?

“You are quite something Tomoe” (Makoto)

“You have noticed it as well waka. There is someone here gaining dirty money. In an unjust way~♪” (Tomoe)

Don’t go ‘In an unjust way~♪’ on me. All happy.

“If Mio can catch onto something we would be able to move more easily but…” (Makoto)

“It’s impossible. She is unaware of her surroundings and she is pretty on guard. Maybe she would even come back while being tailed” (Tomoe)

And why are you so happy about that?

I give up. It’s true that most of our cargo is pleasantries. So that makes it certain that it will be targeted.

Ah~ no good, it’s only been 15 minutes and I already feel like we are going the path of Mito Koumon.

“I honestly think that Tomoe is fit to do the part of evil magistrate or Echigoya” (Makoto)

The ‘Kukuku’ way of laughing she has, it suits her a lot.

More like, there are no people that correspond to the Mito Koumon family-da yo.

Aside from the aforementioned part.

“No matter how you see it I am Kaku-san!” (Tomoe)

“Kaku-san is originally bare-handed!” (Makoto)

“Then a Kaku-san that uses swords!” (Tomoe)

“Anything goes?!” (Makoto)

Then it would be like the one who says ‘flying monkey named Gin-san’ wins!

U~ I imagined it. Disgusting.

“Anyways, I will be going with Kaku-san so, I am counting on you!!” (Tomoe)

She is forcefully making me accept it!

“You… geez, yeah yeah Kaku-san*” (Makoto) (TN: he uses the character核 = Nuclear weapon, instead of格)

For you to be Kaku-san is plenty, you bomb.

“I feel like the writing for yours was different!” (Tomoe)

What kind of six sense do you have?!

“I have my suspicions that you had some evil intentions when you caused a commotion in the guild” (Makoto)

“Eh” (Tomoe)

Don’t ‘Eh’ me! Why is it that it sounds like a confession?!

I can’t handle you!

So she really went period drama style and caused problems?

“So its ‘Eh’ huh? Tomoe~” (Makoto)

“wa wa wa wa wa” (Tomoe)

“Well for now let’s leave that aside. There is something I want you to do. Okay?” (Makoto)

“Hoho~ and that is?” (Tomoe)

“And then… and that’s how… and then we do this” (Makoto)

“I see, that is, quite nice. It sounds interesting” (Tomoe)

I felt like she would go along with it.

“Then, I’m counting on you” (Makoto)

“As you will. I will prepare it as soon as possible-desu zo” (Tomoe)

*knock*knock

N, who could it be?

I exchange looks with Tomoe.

“Who is it?” (Tomoe)

“Mio-desu wa, is it okay if I open the door?”

“Yeah, I don’t mind-zo” (Tomoe)

The return of Mio huh.

I stretch out a searching [Sakai] on the surroundings.

There are 6 people surrounding the inn huh. They move their bodies well. They can’t be amateurs.

To think she would really bring tailers.

“Ara, waka. What is it? To suddenly stare at me” (Mio)

What could it be~?

Tomoe seems to have noticed that a number of people have been following.

For now they haven’t entered.

So it means that our cargo is still fine.

We have threatened the reception well so the information wont leak that fast.

But with how he is, I feel that he would be easily enticed by gold.

It’s still a high class inn though. I am counting on you, seriously.

“No, it’s nothing” (Makoto)

“I have spoken with the merchant guild” (Mio)

“Yeah, and?” (Makoto)

“It seems that we can’t open a business without the guild proof-desu wa. If we want a re-issue of it we should go to Yadoriki town or a place called Tsige” (Mio)

“The distance?” (Makoto)

“After passing three other towns it would take 1 month, or so I was told” (Mio)

Towns. We have to pass 3 camps just like this one before finally reaching our destination?

That’s long. And that we won’t be able to get money before that, is harsh. Even if these two do jobs, they are still E rank after all.

“Isn’t there any way to sell our things?” (Makoto)

“It seems that if we utilize the commerce area, there won’t be any problems” (Mio)

“Commerce area?” (Makoto)

Was there such a place?

“It’s a place that belongs to the merchant guild and it’s a place where we can do middle wholesales. I wonder what middle wholesale means” (Mio)

If you don’t know please ask the guild while you were there, not me.

“It means that you can sell to other merchants as well. But, that is…” (Makoto)

I will be able to use them as reference to know the prices. It’s not fun to sell in a wicked place though.

“Well it is true that we are carrying things that will go bad fast so. Let’s go to that commerce area tomorrow and sell everything” (Makoto)

It should make a decent amount of profit.

A day will finally be over.

After that it will be eating and sleeping only.

As expected, there will be a lot of things to be done when you arrive to a town for the first time.

For today let’s pass on going back to Asora and just quickly sleep.

“That’s right. To think you won’t mind about the tailers” (Tomoe)

“Tailer” (Mio)

“You have been followed” (Tomoe)

“The great me was?!” (Mio)

Well Mio is originally the type who wouldn’t evade things. She is the type who would receive it all and absorb it.

It’s to the point that I would even want to call her Hart-sama.

“I will finish them off right now!” (Mio)

Mio walks determinedly to the window.

“No, its fine. I let them swim around, Mio” (Makoto)

“But!” (Mio)

“Its fine” (Makoto)

“Mu~” (Mio)

“It will soon be time for the meal. Let’s just enjoy it” (Makoto)

It seems that the word meal has attracted the attention of Mio.

“That’s right, Tomoe” (Makoto)

“What is it, waka?” (Tomoe)

“For now you will be on standby in the carriage. And for one night I will be counting on you for the cargo. It looks like there is suspicious company. I can see a lot of movements trying to look for our carriage” (Makoto)

“W-What did you say?!” (Tomoe)

“Because, aren’t you the Kaku-san? This type of things, they are the duty of Kaku-san you know~♪?” (Makoto)

“M-My meal?” (Tomoe)

“No-ne♪” (Makoto)

“A-Are you an Oni, waka?!” (Tomoe)

“Don’t put a finger in the cargo okay? It’s a given if you are part of a company after all” (Makoto)

“A-A demon, a demon is here!” (Tomoe)

“Just how tired do you think I am because of you? Yes, this is an order!” (Makoto)

I have to show who has the authority here.

I don’t care if you call me an Oni or a Demon. Fuhahahahaha.





Chapter 20 - Ah~ is this the restaurant close to the river? It’s not!


A *clang*clang

I, Raidou-san, am holding a knife and a fork and eating a particular meal.

Nom! Glomp!! Nom!….

Beside me, there was an elegant Japanese style beauty that was only using a fork and was barbarically wolfing down the food in front of her.

I should teach Mio some table manners.

I need to have her ‘act’ the part in moments of need, at the very least. I seriously need to!!

Well~ we attract attention.

Aside from us, there doesn’t seem to be any adventurer-like people around.

The ones that are here are mostly guests that have come to have a meal and I feel like they are a different quality of customers compared to adventurers.

I will be repeating myself but, that damn boy. He sold us the most expensive plan.

He led us in a scared way to a high class restaurant that from the looks of it, it could even have a dress code.

In a refugee camp you know?!

Just how much of a luxury is this? Is what Makoto, Makoto tried to think. (In a certain younger sister way*)





I was wondering what kind of food would come out and when I arrived to the table I saw a knife and a fork.

Heyhey, is it ‘that kind’ of food that will come out?

And that’s exactly how it went.

So, with a meal that didn’t betray my expectations, I began checking my surroundings.

It’s filled with people that look like royalty or merchants. I don’t know if they are really royalty but I am impressed at how they are able to wear such clothes that look so hard to move in. This place is supposed to be the peak place for people that are looking to train themselves. It makes me question their sanity.

Even if the adventurers had the money for it, I don’t think they would come to such a stuffy place like this.

Gorgeous looking food was spread out in every part of the place that could even serve as a refreshment for the eyes, and the black haired person beside me with her lively way of eating, that I try to mind too much.

Thanks to ‘that person’ I couldn’t feel the taste of the first decent food that I have received since arriving to this world, at all. Not a single bit.

Even though I want to survey without being noticed, I am in a situation where everyone is watching us intently…

Of course, I am using [Sakai] to complete my objective thoroughly. Counting the observation of Tomoe and the tailers.

In a size that enables me to pick up their conversations as well.

Well, how do I say it?

If Tomoe were here, she would most likely be jumping in joy.

The shady conversations in here, are truly plenty.

About the stockpile of weapons or the profit margin of comestibles, experiments, materials, etc.

Without doubt, more than half of the people here are evil.

Saying it in a magistrate of period dramas way, it would be ‘Just how many sections are there?'

I don’t want to think that rich people = evil but, when the situation is like this it just can’t be helped.

Could it be that from now on I will be coming to this kind of restaurants in order to gather information? I don’t mind though~

“Waka-sama, this food, the taste is good but, isn’t the amount too small?” (Mio)

Even when you stop the fork the only thing that is in your mind is the food. Just what should I do with you Mio-san?

[N? This is not the kind of food that can be taken out so easily so there is nothing that can be done] (Makoto)

There are people watching so I write words in front of my chest for Mio to see.

“It will be finished with just a bite” (Mio)

Mio really looks like she is sad. The fish that was probably smeared in a butter-like substance to increase the scent of it, that high class meal, was eaten in one bite.

It was swallowed just like that.

I see, it looks like the meuniere that is used on white meats. It has a scent that can be compared to butter but it’s probably just a ‘difference in worlds’.

[That’s why you should use the fork and knife like this and slowly enjoy it] (Makoto)

With words showing that I was already tired of it and pressure mixed in it, the color of Mio’s face changes and she just nods.

I don’t know if she is being considerate or not. I mainly can’t understand her.

This is so complicated, more like, Mio is clearly having a complex expression while taking that knife in her left hand.

You don’t have to practice it today though, it can be at a later time. Are you having a desire to improve yourself?

[It’s okay if you slowly get used to it] (Makoto)

I glance at the absent minded Mio.

With how this is going, I feel like Tomoe will take out her own personalized chopsticks. I will have to warn her.

The dishes are coming one after the other, it’s nice to see that this place is as lively as a pub.

We are underage so there is no sake though. In the past there was a time where I went with my friends to a pub and had a non-alcoholic party.

That is what I would call a happy and enjoyable time.

But.

How unpleasant.

The recent conversations that I have been hearing from my surroundings…

There are some that think we are upper class people, and that feels unseemly.

It even gave me nausea. Ah~ the meal is so good. Probably.

They are really thinking we are upper class people that have lots of gold, but I could only feel sarcasm from those words.

At least that’s how it was with the ‘Incredibly rich people’ that were in my surroundings.

I don’t care if we are out here to learn about the world but, when the concept of level itself is different, I feel that that itself will become a barrier in our learning.

The person in question seems to be having fun and it felt like an attraction. The virtue of her was not in the saving of money but in wasting a lot of it.

When I took her to eat a hamburger, she said ‘What is this clay that has flavor? Is this food?’

I felt like her eyes were glittering when she said that. They really were. (Far away eyes)

No no, their levels are different. And they don’t even seem to pay attention to the economic situation of their friend.

They are fellows that have no influence in the economic powers’ balance. Maybe it’s because they have an amount of money that makes them think it’s not important at all.

In reverse, the people here.

They use their friends to change them for money. That’s the only thing they think.

And the one that is even higher than these ones, is using large interests in order to get money to use.

No matter how I think about it, I don’t think I will be related to that super rich guy.

I don’t think but…

The world’s rich people all begin practically as thieves, burglars, raiders, that kind of types. In a hundred of years or so, they might obtain some dignity.

Umu.

The thing called life is so deep.

The summary of the conversations the people around here had, was like this.

The ones that have no money should just buy weapons and go hunt.

If he can’t get his hands on resources and raw materials, when he returns you just have to loan him dirt cheap money with low return time and you will get a nice guinea pig. It’s as easy as baiting a kid.

If he is able to get his hands on something you just have to invite him to a nice meal and retrieve the money. Commodity is alchemy my friend.

I can understand the first part. If you are in the area of physical strength then the best way to gain money is using your body. On top of that, people that come here are mostly concentrating on training their bodies rather than gaining money so that might be a reason as well.

But a guinea pig… That’s a word that I can’t just let slip by.

They are selling weapons at a really cheap price and manipulating the person. If they bring things back it could be sold at a high price but the food and commodities are all rip-offs. And they have to stay in expensive inns.

If they are unable to get anything they will have to rely on loans and their end will be to become ‘guinea pigs’.

In the end, the money will return to them. Moreover, it will increase.

Furthermore, the things that work as salvation; food, opposite gender, luxury, they sadly have to live with the reality that all of this things are being provided by the weak.

A vicious circle, no, it’s a well-made system created by the ones who obtain the profit.

“Because of the surroundings I can’t even enjoy my food-desu wa ne” (Mio)

And.

It still shows in my face.

It seems that Mio is at least paying attention to her surroundings. Well that’s the only thing she is doing, but I must admit that she is progressing. Umu umu.

[I am sorry, it looks like it showed in my face] (Makoto)

“No no, I am the one that is pouring cold water in this meal we are having together-desu” (Mio)

??

Now that I look carefully, I can see that Mio has a face that seems to be enduring something.

This girl is not good at holding it in after all.

Fumu, Is this what’s called ‘silliness’?

No nono.

Let’s make conclusions leisurely.

[Well, in the end it looks like we will be sacrifices to the hobbies of Tomoe. When I think about it I feel a bit pitiful] (Makoto)

Because this is the path where you go ‘divine punishment!’

Should I go ‘I struck with the back of the sword’?

First I will be going all out.

I will straightforwardly dance in the rain of blood.

When I think about it rationally, I will probably be killing someone in the near future.

However, I have been living for many years considering this as the highest taboo so there is nothing I can do about it.

I can’t think of doing it for real.

If I fall into panic and can’t do it, I still have Tomoe and Mio so there should be a way around that.

I can’t get a moment of leisure huh.

Kill, kill, kill.

Stab, slash, hit and kill.

In the time of the Liz I had no intentions of doing it, it was an accident so I didn’t feel much about it.

At that time with the demon race I didn’t know of their existence.

In the cases of Tomoe and Mio, it was me instead who was fearing for life.

When I imagine that the target will change to the human beings.

I laugh, no, I am surprised maybe.

That I can ‘easily’ think of a scene of me killing human beings.

Though I don’t really think I will not feel anything when I actually do it.

That shouldn’t be possible, it shouldn’t be but…

I continued my meal while thinking about that anxiety inside of me.

“Tomoe-san is wishing for conflict somewhere inside of her after all” (Mio)

[It’s because it’s the first hour] (Makoto)

“??” (Mio)

Mio didn’t grasp my words and had a confused face. This is quite picturesque. Umu, it means that beauties look good no matter what they do.

That’s right. Maybe I should go for a little walk. In any case, tomorrow we will be going to the commerce area. I should get a preview of the place and learn my way there while I’m at it.

I will just have Tomoe take care of the cargo.

It also seems that Mio is drinking sake and is already done with the meal.

By the way, I haven’t drunk any. It’s because I don’t think this is a safe place to do that.

And I also suggested that to Mio. Though I want to know if the effects of alcohol work the same way for them.

Oh well, let’s get going. She seems to be slightly drunk though. I also look up and fake as if I am drunk in sake, the ‘two drunkards’ play.

If the tailers have something other than following in their sleeves, I feel that this will be time they will act.

Now.

Will an Oni appear or will it be a snake?

[Lets go out, Mio. Let’s walk for a bit] (Makoto)

I don’t know if Mio understood the true meaning of my words but she jumped out of her sit and nodded vigorously.





Chapter 21 - That night’s Tomoe


Tomoe’s POV



Good grief. It should be fine for waka to be a little gentler.

With how he is, in the generation of Koumon-samas he would be in the mean old man type.

The wise and intellectual type of Koumon-donos are more to my taste.

If I think like that then the cast in the new memories of waka are to my taste.

I would like waka to stick his head into troubles a bit more.

In the matter of the guild and the matter of the market as well, waka noticed both of them but he tried to ignore them.

If he does that then there won’t be any incidents and nothing will happen. If it weren’t for my quick-wittedness I don’t know what would have happened.

That is no good. We won’t be able to reform the world. Then ‘it ends in something petty’ and I won’t be able to take out my katana.

Even though I had finally gotten something similar made by the elder dwarfs, wait that’s too long, eldwarfs in short.

Mio had done a good job with her foolish behavior. That is truly a ‘Hachibe-san’, careless and with normal equipment but someone who you can’t underestimate.

And now if only waka would get serious we would be able to enter the ‘Middle Age’s World Reformation Arc’ without any problems.

But I am now made to do night guard at the carriage while hiding my presence.

There is the misfortune that I won’t be able to have a meal but tonight is the night where I can expect a development to occur.

When I think like that, fumu, I feel that I should thank waka for this order.

Anyways, I am still investigating the way to produce uncooked rice, and my chopstick skills are still not at a satisfactory level. Regarding the katana I am still investigating it thoroughly, the sword I have right now is a sword in the form of a katana that has its cutting edge concentrated at one side of it.

The basics of katana-making are still in the middle of close investigation so there is no helping it. Waka has gone with his parents a number of times to a town called Seki for the ‘Hamono festival’ and has stayed over there. I will try to investigate the memories that relate to those times to get the knowledge I want.

It’s a lifesaver that waka is a person with lots of miscellaneous knowledge. He seems to be the type that will investigate things that interest him. That he begins his investigations from scratch is truly a habit that fits my convenience. I sincerely thank you-ja no.

In my breast pocket I have ‘My Chopsticks’ but I am still too unskilled to use them.

As I thought, my first meal should really be a Japanese style meal. And one day I will be able to show off my skill with chopsticks that rival a knife and fork.

In a sharp and magnificent way!

As I thought, I should raise orcs that are specialized on making Japanese style food. So that when I feel like eating a Japanese style meal I don’t have to ask waka to make it. To ask waka to make it is, as expected, a bit too much of a stretch for me who is a slave.

I cast a glance to the cargo.

It’s the fruits that were in Asora. It seems that they are the exact same food from waka’s world. So we had waka decide if they were edible or not.

Every one of them was filled with vitality and there were many who were incredibly juicy. Their taste was also extremely good.

As expected from the fruits that can survive the superior and harsh world of waka, they are truly filled with vigor.

In an occasional whim I tried to recreate the things that I have heard from waka and have seen in his memories, right now I am barely ‘crawling’.

Because the maryoku in the air is zero after all, and it doesn’t work with the release of inherent maryoku. If it’s only the appearance I am able to replicate it.

We have taken a big amount of ripe things from different varieties and for now there is not a single one that is going bad. They are all still lively-ja.

“Mu, should I get moving?” (Tomoe)

Completely understanding their numerical strength, I also grasped their habits and some of them have begun showing movements that tell me they were in an organization of some sort.

From the people’s movement proficiency I am able to understand their patterns but the ones tonight feel a bit rough.

They have a bit of coordination.

But, I am a supreme dragon, an existence that can be counted. Of course, the ones who challenge me all belong to the top class.

Thinking in that way, these guys may be pretty competent.

If I were to consider that.

Right now I am just delighted that I will be able to fight with my katana like a samurai.

However, this appearance is an appearance that was ‘taken’ after completing the pact with waka.

There is no error in saying that compared to the past, my power has increased.

Waka had to go through the trouble of asking the dwarfs to make a tool that restraint him but, I have no such counter-measure on my body.

Now that I think about it, the preparations of fighting with someone, honestly, having waka as the opponent doesn’t work as a reference.

It’s better if I don’t count Mio either.

If that’s how it’s going to be… I pity them.

These guys will have to become my practice partners in my training to ‘hold back’.

Two are keeping watch and four are coming to steal huh.

I am thankful.

Waka told me to please not slaughter everyone and gazed at me with slightly serious eyes. Even if I mess up my adjustments I still plan for those two to somehow live through this.

From the four of them, two of those took the lead.

They are planning on getting their hands on the carriage by infiltrating it. This is a good time huh.

In the darkness without making a single sound .

I stood beside the carriage with katana in hand.

“My my, what business do you have with our carriage?” (Tomoe)

I will speak with them in an extremely friendly manner.

They all stop their movements at the same time and their gazes all concentrated on me. Along with their bloodlust and caution.

I didn’t intent to instill unrest in them with my friendly voice but, to have such thoughts right now is pointless.

My golden serpent eyes were drowning in the excitement of battle. They were fierily gazing at them.

“…”

No words huh. I see that they are having a conversation only with their eyes.

It seems that there is no room for negotiations. That’s fine, it’s the so called ‘no questions asked’ huh. You damn ronins*!

The lookouts don’t show signs of moving.

The two that were close to the carriage had something short and glittery in their hands. The two that were far away threw something soundlessly from their hands!

I catch one of the two knives and the other one I evade it. To the flying things that were coming at me, I use the scabbard to block them.

Light and also slow.

They are not even worth the talk.

The moment the next knife was about to reach me, the knife that I had evaded turned around and shot at me once more. In an angle that was practically screaming at me to kick it.

I complied with its wish and without placing my body weight in it I kicked relying on speed alone. I will return the knife to your hand!

With a dull sound, the man was send flying to the sky.

I seriously held back though? He has certainly broken now. I felt that it would be a bit bad to swing my katana but it’s true that it’s better to test it out.

“Fumu” (Tomoe)

There shouldn’t be any problems if I just aim at their weapons.

“Na!!”

Trying to open the distance I do a step backwards. At the same time, I target the blade part of the dagger that the frozen man had in hand and sweep horizontally.

He truly couldn’t react at all. He probably didn’t even notice that I had jumped behind him. He must be thinking I have disappeared. So that is the reason for your frozen state huh, how unskilled.

The voice of the man suddenly became high-pitched with the surprise of his prey being so close to him.

It’s almost like he didn’t even feel that I have cut him. The efficiency of my body with the weapon is too good. You eldwarfs, I am really looking forward to the time when you are able to create a real katana, kukuku.

Then…

Dosa*

N? What sound is that?

When I checked it out, at that place…

The man that was screaming in fright, his top chest ‘portion’

In that place there was a cut line and a body with his whole top missing.

Wow, to think it would be this efficient?!

No good! The unrest will carry over to the other four that are remaining. Then there won’t be any person to talk and all of them will try to flee.

I will not be able to interrogate them!!

The lookouts had already distanced themselves significantly. With how things are going it might become a commotion.

I have no choice. Let’s capture the two that are here for now!

I hold my katana in reverse. I should have done as waka said and used the reverse blade of the katana huh.

They had their backs turned without any shame and were escaping, one of them is a woman huh. I can’t make out their faces. They have cloths wrapped around it.

If I am to capture one it would be better if it’s the woman, that way waka would be happy as well. With one glance I could tell it was a woman with big breast. It was a style that brought discomfort with the black clothes she had on.

Well, waka was saying that the girls were beautiful over and over even when they weren’t that beautiful. It may be that he is thirsting for a woman.

Even if I say that, he hasn’t requested any ‘attending’ from us. Waka is quite a mysterious person.

Wait!

Won’t waka call me an evil magistrate again if I capture the woman?!

No, if its waka that’s what he would do!

Kuu~! What an ingenious trap. To utilize the feelings I have for waka.

As expected of waka. N, wait. I feel like something is wrong here…

Well, let’s not think about the complicated stuff. For now let’s let the woman escape and capture the other one.

I place a bit of strength and kick the ground. It’s obvious that our speeds are different so this was good enough to catch up.

I stand in front of the black clothed one without chest and hit him in the solar plexus.

The one that was few distances away turned around but I pretend to take out my katana.

That fellow must have seen the scene a few moments ago so.

With an excessive reaction she ran away.

Fu fun, what a splendid skill I have.

And now if I just get the information from this man.

We can begin the capture of this base’s evil-ja na!

Fufufu, this is going pretty well-na no ja!





Chapter 22 - I don’t want such a global language


“No matter how I think about it, you are the role of evil magistrate” (Makoto)

I let out a deep sigh as I look at the shrunken Tomoe and the black clothed-san that has not regained consciousness.

Mio had gone to ‘clean’ the two people that Tomoe had done in.

Crossing my arms I look down on Tomoe, at my side there is someone sitting on a stool.

It’s a girl that I picked up while I was in my walk with Mio.

I will be clear, I haven’t brought a prostitute with me okay?

I am in a sense, accompanied by woman after all.

How to say it, we have perfectly gone the drama route-desu.

This girl probably has the role of ‘villager in problems’.

‘Let’s hear the details of your circumstances’ is what we said and we brought her all the way to our lodging but…

In there, there was a Tomoe with a face that was proud of herself.

‘I didn’t slaughter everyone-deshi ta zo, waka!’

Is what she said.

Of course, the villager was scared.

I brought her into the room and tried my best to calm her down.

When I hear the circumstances of Tomoe in detail.

It seems that from the 6 persons, she let 3 get away.

Well that is fine.

‘So you have captured 3 people’ is what I asked to confirm but.

“I killed 2. I captured 1 that is right there!” (Tomoe)

Is what she responded nonchalantly.

I had told Tomoe to ‘please spare me from slaughtering everyone and if anyone tries to escape capture them’

That’s what I said!

But then Tomoe said, ‘Well you see, the important part about not killing everyone, I didn’t understand the point completely-desu YO!’

She was blabbering something about the first one dying by accident and the other one dying was out of her expectations, but that is just out of question!

Wiping with the sword or that a kick send him dancing in the air and was left out of commission. It was probably a shock or something like that.

Like, ‘I was aiming for the weapon but I ended up cutting his whole body’ that kind of thing.

It’s not that excessive but, going ‘tee-hee’ is wrong with that kind of explanation!

What kind of slaughtering crime scene is that?!

I tried asking Mio if she could do something about it with her hunger, I mean, if she could handle the cleaning up and she said ‘I can’.

So I had her go right away to the crime scene.

Next, before explaining the situation to the villager that was fiercely gazing at Tomoe, I take the captive that was rendered powerless to the bed.

He had a slender body. I don’t understand the standards of this world anymore so if anyone told me this is a macho body I would just lift my hands and give up.

“Hey Tomoe, could it be that you kidnapped a woman?” (Makoto)

“Fukukuku!” (Tomoe)

What? Why are you laughing Tomoe-san?

“That’s what I thought you would say waka!” (Tomoe)

So what are you trying to tell me?!

“And this is what you want to say right?! ‘Tomoe, you are rea~lly an evil magistrate’” (Tomoe)

What is she saying with so much pride? Well, she did say what I wanted to say. To go through the trouble of specifically choosing a woman, that is what an evil magistrate would do.

“That one is a man-desu!” (Tomoe)

Her figure when she said that felt like it came with a sound effect of ‘*BLING!’

…

No.

Even.

If that is the case.

What of it?!

More like, before taking the weapon away you should have at least done a body check right?

Well she must have done it. She is so sure it’s a man after all.

“Ha~ I don’t really care about that but. This guy doesn’t hold any weapons right? Did you perform a body check?” (Makoto)

Even though I say bed, it’s not like we are putting on a blanket over him. We can see his whole body but…

Is this really a man?

It strange~ly looks womanly though. Especially in the waist part.

Um. Hey hey.

Tomoe~ please pay more attention.

In the waist holder I can see something that looks like an edged tool.

“So she didn’t do it huh. Geez. If you are to let him sleep in the room at least make sure to take care of all of the dangerous objects. How careless” (Makoto)

I take out the knife from the holder and confiscate it. Is it for throwing purposes? It didn’t seem to be made for the purpose of swinging it. Well it didn’t give me the impression that it was a weapon you would swing after getting your opponent lower their guard at the very least.

“I-I didn’t think you would bring a civilian here so if it’s just waka and me I thought it would be interesting and… well…” (Tomoe)

Tomoe goes ‘a wa wa’ and has a wry smile. You think of scary attractions.

“N… Ha~”

Otto. Turning in your sleep huh. This person is a deep sleeper.

*Buchi

“Wa?”

I heard the sound of cloth ripping off.

The chest area of captive-san began to expand.

Silence.

An excessive silence.

There were no words.

Tomoe-san looked dumbfounded at the captive and me, she began to shrink slowly and did a seiza.

It’s one of those types that wrap their chest with bands. And this person was doing exactly that. That’s not smooth.

It seems she tightened it pretty well and made it so it didn’t stand out.

If that wasn’t the case it wouldn’t go ‘*buchi’ after all.

“T-This must be some kind of conspiracy-desu zo! That’s right, there is no way such an ‘all sides closed’ can exist!” (Tomoe)

Her insistence is pitiful.

“You~ at least care for your master a little bit more. You do know which type is easier to interrogate right? Right?” (Makoto)

“No, like I said, just ignore the chest. This time it should have definitely been a man though” (Tomoe)

Ignore the chest? What is that? I don’t understand what you are trying to say.

“Anyways, I am telling you to peel them off if you are to bring them here. If you take off their clothes then you will be able to dispose of their weapons and other tools at the same time” (Makoto)

“Well you see, won’t you treat me as a pervert if I take off her clothes? So the anxiety…” (Tomoe)

“Priorities first! This isn’t a drama so ethics can go eat shit! Between an idiot and a pervert I think a pervert would have a better chance to be salvaged!” (Makoto)

That’s my own opinion though.

“Umu” (Tomoe)

Don’t agree!

“More like, Tomoe…” (Makoto)

“U, um…”

N?

What is it? This low voice’s whereabouts that feel like it would disappear. This is a voice that Mio and Tomoe would definitely not have. In the room, there was someone else?

OH!

Villager A! Beautiful girl A.

Now that I look carefully, there is certainly a girl with an uneasy face.

Words she shouldn’t be able to understand and strangers she barely knows.

Fumu, this certainly would create uneasiness. Especially because I am supposed to be unable to speak or so that’s how I had explained to her already. There is no helping that she thinks of me as suspicious.

“Well, I forgive you. Next time be more careful” (Makoto)

“Oh~ I thank you, unknown girl!” (Tomoe)

In that part you should be thanking me first right?! You go thank the other party right away?!

And moreover, in that part she properly used the common language.

Just how confident are you?

I really want that fast way of thinking to be used for my sake! I will cry you know?

“Onii-san, I heard that you couldn’t speak though?”

“I can speak” (Makoto)

I try to speak friendlily in common language. I felt like maybe it would work.

“??”

When she tilted her head I understood the answer. I look at Tomoe. She nods and looks at the girl. Really, how mindful you are.

“Right now waka is able to ‘speak’ in common language, is what he tried to say. You didn’t understand right?” (Tomoe)

“Eh?! I heard him say ‘Eat is mu ni mu ni~’?!”

N-No way, this might be too big of a shock.

“Well, that is a part of the curse you see. From the start waka was able to utilize various languages and he is using one of those to communicate with us” (Tomoe)

“E-Eh? It’s not an illness?”

“N, that’s right. It was actually a curse-na no ya. But its not like he will infect anyone and there will be people who will discriminate him. We don’t want discrimination after all” (Tomoe)

Oh~ in a playful manner she was able to mix the illness and curse at the same time.

The girl was also smoothly convinced. Un un, from now on use that ability to speak for my benefit.

“That he is able to use many languages and have the common language sealed. That is definitely the work of the demon race! How cruel!”

Wait, why the demon race?

Are curses monopolized by the demon race? If that’s so then I will have to change the excuse.

For a simple excuse to make other people hate a certain race is no good.

“That’s right, such a troublesome race-ja no~. And then, girl, why did you come with waka here?” (Tomoe)

[Hey wait] (Makoto)

This time I use writing before I tap the shoulder of Tomoe.

Why~ is it that you are able to accept so normally that conversation just now? There is something you haven’t told me right?!

“Oh~ waka, what is it?” (Tomoe)

Ah, I am sure now. There IS something.

[Why is it certain that my curse was done by a demon race?] (Makoto)

I ask the girl. It’s truly good that she is able to read.

Of course, I noticed that this was plain luck. That’s because the literacy rate in this world is not that high.

“Because the common language is a blessing given by the goddess a little before you are born and is something that everyone in the world can speak!”

“…”

“Ah, but demons and demi-humans are unable to. Those people are not accepted by the goddess so they have to study to be able to speak it”

“…”

“But there are people that have this thing called ‘tamer’ and they are able to speak with the monsters that can’t speak the common language and there are some that can enslave them”

She talks about ‘tamer’ like she hates the word of it.

The word ‘everyone’ that the girl says, I could understand that she only meant hyuman and it makes me a bit sad. But more than that.

Categorization, monster huh. I am one of those.

And, blessing huh. From what I heard, if you visit the shrine of the goddess-sama every year you are able to slowly understand words, and then you will be able to speak.

There are some individual differences but they will normally be able to understand words at 3 years old. The girl tells me that she was able to at 4 years old.

With that, I won’t be able to talk. More like, the demons and demi-humans that studied from cero and learned it, honestly, I respect them.

Because, weren’t they successful? They repeat ‘A u e’ and then it became words.

This is what everyone uses, the common language! ‘Now, everyone that is not hyuman! Decode this groaning and begin studying!’ is what you are telling me?

Hm~. Hmph~.

I see, so that’s how it works.

…

Thaaa~t!!!!

Friiiking Buugggg!!!

So your wish is complete resistance huh!

That’s fine with me. If it’s like this then let’s go all out!

Looking for the traces of my parents takes precedence though. However!

After that I will DEFINITELY hit that goddess in the face at least once. Even if she is a woman I won’t hold back! This is! The first time in my life! That I vow to violence against a woman!

Make sure to look forward to our reunion you goddess piece of… (The other parts are too hard for the ears and they will be too long so we have taken them out. Do pardon us – by Tsukuyomi)

“I see. It may be a curse by the demons. Thank you for worrying. Please continue”

And then.

The girl began explaining the events to Tomoe.

Anyways, that so called blessing.

I am truly questioning that she is giving them directly, isn’t she just making those nymphs do it for her?





Chapter 23 - Mio’s sense of worth


When I returned, I saw the somewhat tired face of waka-sama and the meek face of Tomoe-san.

At the inner room there was one person sleeping. It must be the girl that we brought not too long ago.

There was a woman sitting down facing the two people with a clear hostile intent.

Tomoe-san if you are to interrogate, a man would have been a better choice for waka.

Then that means that the woman with black cloth covering her body is a companion of those two bad tasting people?

They really tasted terrible. Even when I let the darkness eat them it didn’t fill it at all.

They can’t even be used in my knife and fork practice- oh, I should restrain myself from anymore notations or I feel that waka-sama will get angry at me.

Even if I enter the interrogation I feel like I will just be left out.

I still have a lot to learn about society after all, I am unable to catch the subtle emotions in people so it’s hard for me to perform deals.

If I carelessly end up eating, waka-sama and Tomoe-san will only feel displeasure about it.

Just, the expressionless waka-sama that I have never seen, I have a little interest in it. In the sense that I want to avoid that from happening.

Just what kind of exchange did they have?

“Tomoe, do it. You are able to right?” (Makoto)

“Yeah. Most likely” (Tomoe)

In that short exchange, Tomoe-san enveloped the captive inside mist. I could tell there were slight movements but there was no resistance, her body began to wobble and in the end it fell on top of the bed.

Is it some sort of sleeping magic? But the mist is still not disappearing-desu wa ne.

“Waka, with this are you able to tell the facial expression?” (Tomoe)

Tomoe-san makes a gesture as if confirming something.

“It seems there is no issues. Can you make it possible to communicate while in this condition?” (Makoto)

How expressionless. This is the first time, I have seen that face. I feel slight murderous intent on the woman that made waka have such a face.

“I will be translating the words though” (Tomoe)

“I don’t mind. Let’s begin” (Makoto)

It seems that both of them haven’t noticed that I have returned. The reason is maybe, the strong pressure that waka-sama is exuding. There is no killing intent nor rage but there is an inexplicable pressure.

“But this is no different from intelligence confession. How tasteless” (Tomoe)

To be able to mix frivolous talk in this kind of situation, Tomoe-san is really something.

“I don’t care. This may not be to your taste but this is how job is done. Let it be threats or drugs, I don’t care as long as she spills the beans” (Makoto)

“… Got it” (Tomoe)

“It’s a great help that you are here. I am glad there is no need for drugs to make her confess. And I don’t know how to torture after all” (Makoto)

He wasn’t cold yet he wasn’t warm.

It was a disinterested voice. I had heard that in the world of waka, the people were not allowed to kill each other.

That’s why I thought that waka-sama would surely be troubled when he had to treat with life and death issues but…

… Maybe.

No, no matter what it is, it’s something that shouldn’t matter to me.

Even if I hadn’t receive the ruling pact, waka has taken a part of my soul, I have already decided to offer this body to him.

This sufficiency and this happiness, they are all things that waka-sama has given to me.

Everything else is just a trifle matter.

Yeah, that’s right. I have reconfirmed my own feelings.

The two of them are continuing their interrogation.

From their conversation I can get that they have done something for her to confess and it was proceeding smoothly.

They must have asked most of what they needed. The two of them breathe deeply and the mist disperses, they looked at each other’s face.

This may be a good time.

“Thanks for your hard work, are you done now?” (Mio)

“Huh? Oh, Mio. Well yeah, what about your side?” (Makoto)

Waka-sama seemed to be surprised for a second but he soon returned to his cheerful self and responded me. His usual self.

“Of course I am done. It was terribly unappetizing though” (Mio)

I glimpse at Tomoe-san. She makes a wry smile and says some words of apology.

“You have helped me a lot. It has splendidly gone into the route that Tomoe loves so much” (Makoto)

Tomoe-san’s?

If I remember correctly it was ‘the perfect evil’, that kind of person. I didn’t ask in detail about it though.

“No no, with what happened, there won’t be any tailers from now on, well you see, it seems that it won’t be that interesting” (Tomoe)

I couldn’t understand half of what Tomoe-san is trying to say.

What I understood was that in a few days the situation will be resolved.

“Then, does that mean that we will be moving beginning tomorrow?” (Mio)

When she was talking about tailers she must have been referring to this black clothed woman. Then that means we are done for tonight.

Then next is a-attending right?!

Ah~ my chest is throbbing!!

“A-Ara?! Um waka-sama, this is?” (Mio)

While I was drowning in my fantasies, I was shown one piece of paper.

It was probably a drawing made by using charcoal? There was one young female smiling cheerfully.

It was drawn from chest to top, an easy to see smiling face. It was quite well made.

“It’s that girl’s older sister” (Makoto)

Waka-sama tells me about the meaning of this object. Ah~ I see. So this girl is.

In the first place, the reason we brought this girl here was because she asked us about her sister that had gone missing.

At that time I had felt, even if it was for just a second, the presence of someone watching, so waka-sama decided to bring the girl with us.

I had no desire to stop waka-sama, if it’s something that waka-sama has decided then I have no complaints.

“I have an idea of where this girl is. And so, I am sorry but I will have the two of you go search right away” (Makoto)

… wa?

U-Uhm. Does this mean huh. That we won’t be sleeping?

“Wa-Waka?! Are you telling me that I will be going without eating and sleeping?!” (Tomoe)

Tomoe-san’s objection is truly accurate-desu!

“That’s right. You guys are okay even if you don’t sleep every single day right?” (Makoto)

Uh wun. Certainly, we can easily go several months or maybe even several year spans without any problems but.

As waka-sama’s familiar I want to live like how my master lives.

Also…

“That is, um, that is true but…” (Mio)

“Waka, I want to sleep! Since my body turned like this I have understood the comfort of sleeping-no ja!” (Tomoe)

Tomoe-san is really straightforward. But I am the same. Since the time I turned human shaped it has only been a few days but to think I would find the act of sleeping to be so comfortable.

“Tomoe, I think you already know by the interrogation from just now but there is no guarantee that this girl is okay. You should know the place so if it’s you two then most of the problems can be dealt with” (Makoto)

“Even though it’s a situation where we have no guarantee, we are going to hurry-desu no?” (Mio)

I said the question that was in my mind. But it seems this was a verbal slip as the eyes of waka-sama became close to expressionless once again.

“Mio, if possible, I want to rescue this girl’s elder sister. I ask of you, if she is safe, please protect her and bring her safely here. Even if it’s not possible, try your best to tell me as fast as possible. Okay?” (Makoto)

*Nod

I quietly assent. It feels uncomforting. I don’t want waka-sama to see me with those eyes.

An inorganic gaze that feels like he has lost all interest. For me to become an existence that has no meaning for him, I don’t want that to happen!

When I look for Tomoe-san with my eyes I saw that she was nervously swinging her head up and down.

“I am sorry, tomorrow I will be going to the commerce area with this girl so don’t worry. For now confirm the safety of that girl. We don’t have enough hands, we have to use everything we have at hand” (Makoto)

“If that’s how things are then it can’t be helped. Koumon-sama’s job is to protect the person in trouble and wait for the report after all. Mio, let’s go” (Tomoe)

Tomoe-san seems to have come to an understanding. It was an exchange that I didn’t quite get.

But I am grateful that the place has calmed down a bit.

It’s better for waka-sama to be cheerful. I thank Tomoe-san for that.

“Ah, and also…” (Tomoe)

The moment we were going to go out the door, Tomoe-san turned around.

“What is it?” (Makoto)

I am glad, waka-sama is talking in his usual way.

“When this issue is resolved I, um, I want to call myself by the word ‘washi’*-desu ga” (Tomoe) (TN: washi is like an older way of calling yourself)

I felt that waka-sama instantly lost all his tension.

I also-desu. Such a thing you should just do it if you want.

“I-I don’t think I mind but, more like, why are you asking?” (Makoto)

Seriously-desu.

“Well~ that way fits me more but, as expected, from my standing I shouldn’t go with ‘wachi’ or so I thought. I felt that this was a trademark for Koumon-sama after all” (Tomoe)

“… Do as you see fit” (Makoto)

“Oh! I thank you deeply-desu zo! Then!!” (Tomoe)

Completely relaxing her facial expression, Tomoe-san expresses her gratitude and opens the door. I follow her and leave the lodging. She knows the place we have to go to so I just have to follow her.

When we were outside I had one thing that was in my mind.

It was a good thing that it was only me and her. It was also pretty late so there wasn’t any signs of people walking around.

“Um, Tomoe-san. Waka-sama seemed to be pretty stormy but, did something happen?” (Mio)

“I don’t know. It was thanks to you returning that the conversation could advance, honestly, you were a lifesaver. This portrait, you have seen it as well right?” (Tomoe)

“Yeah, it’s the onee-san of the girl that we brought back” (Mio)

“That’s right, then. That girl seemed to be good at drawing so it seems that she was told to make a drawing of her sister” (Tomoe)

“That is pretty impressive for a person of her age” (Mio)

I heard that she was only 10 years old.

“Umu, but it was from then on-nan ja. Waka’s eyes were like, deprived from all his emotions, but they carried a strange pressure in them” (Tomoe)

I recall it for a bit. That’s right, I have never felt such a silent pressure before.

“Maybe she is an acquaintance?” (Mio)

“That is definitely not. Waka not only doesn’t have any friends, he shouldn’t have a single acquaintance-ja” (Tomoe)

With a way of speaking that felt like it had a hidden meaning, Tomoe-san totally denied what I said.

“… Tomoe-san really knows a lot about waka-sama huh. Even though it hasn’t been that long since you met him” (Mio)

From what waka-sama has told me, it should have only been a few days before he met me.

“You could say that. My case is a bit special though” (Tomoe)

“Is it okay if I ask?” (Mio)

“Yeah, I don’t mind. I can control illusions but, it may be a byproduct of the process, a completely different ability is made” (Tomoe)

“… and the conclusion is?” (Mio)

“I can look at the memories of my target. And I saw them. That’s what happened” (Tomoe)

“You saw?! Waka-sama’s memories?! A woman that is supposed to be an attendant?!” (Mio)

“At that time we were still enemies. Just like your case” (Tomoe)

Ugh. When she says it like that she has a point. Our meeting was a raid but.

What an envious, I mean, disrespectful thing to do.

“Then, just what is waka-sama?” (Mio)

“You should hear that directly from waka. Learn about each other and built trust” (Tomoe)

“Uh, that is a sound argument but its kind of unfair” (Mio)

“Right now I am unable to see as well. By the way I am unable to see your memories too. Waka gave me permission for a part of his memories though” (Tomoe)

My memories? Do I have memories of my time when I was driven by my instincts?

“Then, any information about that girl inside the memories you have seen?” (Mio)

That’s right, there should be something inside his memories.

But Tomoe-san shakes her head horizontally.

“As expected, I am unable to tell that much. Because of the pact, there are a lot of parts that have been sealed. There are some memories I am not restricted to, there might be some information in them but well it doesn’t matter, the sure thing is that…” (Tomoe)

Tomoe that was walking at the front, turned around.

“Unless we bring information about the protection of that girl, waka will stay in that harsh mood for a while” (Tomoe)

That is surely an important matter-desu.

To be honest I don’t want to continue the journey with that kind of atmosphere. I want to avoid that at all cost. I see, when I think about it, that’s surely how it is.

“I understand. Before thinking about unnecessary prying we should first concentrate on completing the mission-desu wa ne” (Mio)

For future’s sake as well.

Using a technique that let me blend lightly into the shadows, I proceed with the mission for the sake of continuing our fun journey.





Chapter 24 - Isn’t this a jewel box?!


“Onii-chan, even if you are a waka-sama it’s no good if you can’t at least drive a carriage you know?”

Even though I haven’t gotten used to the cold of the morning, the girl that was sitting beside me and holding the reins, said some cold words to me.

It’s not like I can’t do it.

Its because in the weird setting that Mio and Tomoe made, there was a part where it said that ‘I can’t drive a carriage’.

If I tried I feel that I could even drive it without reins.

Because what is pulling it is a normal looking horse but in reality its head had two horns. I am not sure if I can manage it with my technique but I am right now hiding it.

It’s a proper demonic beast called bicorn and it’s used by the orcs and lizardmen as fangs and legs.

In short, words can get through. I wonder how far this comprehension can be. Right now leaving aside inorganic things, hyumans and plants, everything that is alive is an okay.

That’s why I can just act like I am using the reins and order it to move as I want it to.

But because my image of weirdo would evolve, I can’t do it. They would look at me as an eccentric person that talks in a strange language with a horse.

… Well I don’t want to hear that from a person that fantasizes about being a wandering samurai though.

I feel like the people today are not welcoming me.

[I am sorry, I left practically everything in the hands of those two] (Makoto)

“Mu~ being a rich person and a merchant’s heir, are you fine with that~?”

You are dead right, it’s no good-desu yo.

As expected of someone that is living in such a hungry place. Her maturity level is pretty high.

Even though her appearance is around 10 years old. Her age doesn’t match her way of thinking.

[That’s why I was thrown away like this. It’s called a learning journey but it may be closer to call it disinheritance] (Makoto)

“Ah~ so that’s how it is. I can understand that~. But then, if Mio-san is not here, will this sell properly?”

You can understand that huh. She has a stern personality just like my Nee-san.

Though that portrait looked really similar to someone from my previous world.

The portrait that this little girl drew last night looked so similar to an acquaintance of mine that I got distracted.

When I think that I slightly vented my anger on Tomoe and Mio, I feel a little guilty.

[Yeah, regarding these goods, honestly, no matter who sells it it will be the same. In a sense] (Makoto)

The girl that had been talking to me while at me turned her head around to face me.

“Eh? Why?”

[These are things that I have seen for the first time as well. No matter how much it is, our travelling expenses will not hold out so I plan to sell them. The fruits and vegetables will not hold out by the time we reach the next base after all] (Makoto)

“Hey, this is something that may not have been told to you but…”

[What?] (Makoto)

The girl seems to have slight reserve and temporally stops her words. This girl says she is searching for her sister but maybe it’s not only that.

“These, are all fruits that I have never seen before. And moreover, they are incredibly delicious. From where did you obtain them and how did you bring them here?”

Her impression when she sampled the fruits was pretty good after all. I could feel sharpness in her eyes. Information selling, or worst she could be a spy huh.

But it looks like the part about her sister’s situation is true. If it’s the former then she has a strong commercial spirit, but if it’s the later then…

‘In exchange for your sister go and obtain the information’, that kind of thing?

Nah~ If that is truly how it is then the guys that are pulling the strings have no saving at all~.

Kind of like ‘what do you think you are making a 10 year old do?’ It’s a fourth year in elementary school you know?

[Fumu, well regarding that, the issue is if you will believe me or not] (Makoto)

“What is it what is it?”

She is extremely interested, how visible.

Well who cares. No matter what comes, I have already thought out what I will do with these goods.

To make the information public is actually welcomed. If I can learn the objective of this girl then I have no problems with it.

[Originally we didn’t have plans on coming to the border of the world. We arrived by chance to this land] (Makoto)

“Un”

[And we have been wandering around but, one day, we were engulfed by a deep mist. When we continued inside the mist, to my surprise, there was a settlement there] (Makoto)

“Settlement? In this area?”

[From here it would take 2 to 3 day’s maybe. That settlement was, surprisingly, a settlement for mamono] (Makoto)

“Ma, mamono?!”

[That’s right. Moreover, they could all speak the common language and they were truly courteous. So I have been there for a few days and I was given these things as a souvenir] (Makoto)

“…”

Oh~ those eyes are doubting me~ Well it’s a total made-up story so it’s not that unreasonable.

Well it will become the ‘truth’ from now on so.

[See? It’s hard to believe right?] (Makoto)

“Y-Yeah. When you refer to mamono which one are they?”

[Orc, lizardmen, dwarfs and to my surprise even Arkes were there. It was truly a mysterious place. I even thought it was a dream but I still have the things with me] (Makoto)

I say that and look at the cargo.

That I actually have it here has a certain persuasion power. By the way I don’t have any intentions of telling this story in the commerce area. I am just going to say that they are strange things and sell them.

And I felt that the question she made had an ulterior motive.

“There were that many?! I can’t believe it~”

[Yeah, even now I still think that it may have been a dream inside the mist] (Makoto)

“A mist that is 2 or 3 days away huh”

She is pondering. The kids of this world is not that they are not cheerful but when I compare the attitude of the girl last night and the way she is now, she is actually really suspicious.

[N, Rinon, isn’t this place the commerce area?] (Makoto)

I call the little girl that didn’t fit her age by her name. This girl’s name is Rinon and her Onee-san’s name is called Toa-san or so she told me. Toa-san, is a girl one year younger than me. Even though finding a place to live is a big problem, she stood up and was able to find that place for her younger sister. I respect her for that.

In our world, a 16 year old was still a high school student being educated in the obligations.

“There is no information about such a settlement in our vicinities though?” (Rinon)

To communicate with writing is inconvenient at this kind of times.

If she is not looking then she will be unable to react.

I had no choice so I tapped her shoulders a number of times so she noticed it.

“Hi~a! Geez~ that is sexual harassment onii-chan! Uh, e, eh?” (Rinon)

There is se-sexual harassment?! I can’t underestimate this world! In a place where there is no proper human rights for such an advanced word to exist!

[I was saying, isn’t that building the commerce area?] (Makoto)

“Ah! We went pass it! I am sorry!” (Rinon)

I scratch my mask. Does this world have sexual harassment as well? I was still internally surprised by it.

We move forward for a bit and then turn around the carriage and begin preparing to get down.

Now, the commerce area.

As expected, being a newcomer really attracts the eyes of others. Well I have a mask on so yeah.

For some reason Rinon said that she would stay in the carriage and refused to enter the commerce area.

Is it that? Her clothes look worn-out so she is refraining from going?

But even if I wanted to go to a clothes shop I don’t know where there is one, and they are probably not open this early in the morning.

And also, for a girl that I have just met to buy her clothes, it’s like the hobby of a rich guy so I don’t like it that much. I want to go the normal way.

“Good morning. I think this is the first time we have seen each other. What kind of business do you have today?”

[Good morning. Yesterday I learned about this place from my helper. A black haired girl with unique clothing] (Makoto)

“! Um, this may be rude of me but…”

[I am sorry. Things happened and I am now unable to speak so please forgive me for using writing to communicate] (Makoto)

I explain in brevity the appearance of Mio.

It seems that she had some kind of impact so the men that were in front of me had some memory of her.

Also, they without problem accepted my communication with writing. I am grateful.

“Ah, um. If that’s how it is then that means that you are the person that lost the merchant guild proof?”

[Yeah, I am truly embarrassed. It hasn’t been that long since I entered the trade business so I was really troubled] (Makoto)

“Must have been. That you were able to arrive here is close to a miracle. It must be that you are a person of great luck. It’s an enviable thing”

I can only hear it as sarcasm. I have no such luck! Like, totally don’t!

[I truly passed through many mysterious experiences before I arrived here. And so, I came here to sell the things that I have obtained in those mysterious experiences] (Makoto)

“Well you are not able to sell things freely if you don’t have the guild proof after all. And even with that you still came to a dark place like the commerce area, as a merchant myself I feel happy about this”

The man makes a hearty laugh and presses me to show him the place where the goods are. Is this unrelated to the theft from last night? Is there no contact with the other part?

Somehow I am able to communicate so it’s fine if I inquire about it indirectly.

[It’s the cargo of this carriage]

Rinon is properly inside the carriage. She had no intentions to escape it seems.

“Fumu, is that your slave? Hey, show me the cargo”

What? Slave?

… I see. Certainly, having that clothing and being inside the carriage, you could take it that way.

Hm~, there have been a lot of words I am not used to hear so I didn’t mind them that much but…

It’s a world where having slaves is normal huh.

This old man merchant is taking it normally after all.

Then why is there such a word like sexual harassment? I feel like that word will delicately entangle me in the future, for me that has an ugly outward appearance. I don’t want that-de gozaru I don’t want that-de gozaru. To be in another world, then sexual harassment and then imprisonment, seriously spare me from that-de gozaru.

But, I have to correct the misunderstanding. Even though Rinon is not objecting and is showing him the things, she must be used to this treatment.

[Pardon the discourtesy, she is an acquaintance and I just had her show me the way. She is not a slave] (Makoto)

“Oh, is that how it was?”

The man looked silently at Rinon.

“Pardon my rudeness”

Maybe he thought that it would cause discord so he apologized to Rinon. Rinon seemed slightly surprised by this, with her eyes wide open she made a bow and she went to get a cloth that was hidden inside the side-flank.

“T-This is?!”

[How is it? These are fruits you have never seen before right? Any one of these are truly delicious. Go ahead and try them out] (Makoto)

I take two apples, I give one of them and the other one I take a bite of it and show it to him.

“Then, itadaki masu”

He must have felt relieved that I was eating it normally, the merchant also takes a bite.

At that moment, he had his eyes wide open looking at the apple. And then another bite.

Making sure to not let one bit of juice get out, he ate the whole apple in a second. Incredible… he must have liked it a lot.

With this, if it’s only selling it won’t be that much of a problem.

If it’s possible I want to replenish a percent of the inn lodging price, with that there won’t be any problems.

[It seems that it was to your liking] (Makoto)

“This is, I have never eaten such a delicious fruit! Just where in the world did you procure this?!”

[That’s what you call, a trade secret. I want to unload everything here but, will you give me permission to?] (Makoto)

“Trade secret?! No way, are you intending to monopolize this?!”

[Even if you say monopolizing, these are received products that have some story to it. I am not sure if I will be able to obtain it a second time you know?] (Makoto)

“Eh?! So that means this is just a one-time thing, is what you are trying to say?”

[That’s right. I am planning on departing after a few days so I will be selling everything here and that’s it] (Makoto)

“Umu. So that’s how it is, this will be a one-time thing”

[For how much will you take it?] (Makoto)

“Can I sample the other things?”

[Of course, but I don’t have that many of them so try to limit yourself to one of each kind please] (Makoto)

“I understand. How much is the amount?”

[It’s only the things that are in this carriage so it’s 4 types and 4 boxes of each making it 16 boxes in total] (Makoto)

The man called for his colleagues and gave them the apple (the one I had was already bitten so I gave him a new one as service), peach, pear and pomegranate and had them taste it.

… They were 4 types that I had half-heartedly chosen but they were all things that could be eaten raw.

That’s not all. When I watch them like this I couldn’t help but be shocked by the haphazard plants that grew in Asora. Season planting could go eat shit.

Or maybe it was a super limited area and the climate worked in a different way. Like a certain Grand Line

Well, the taste was inherited as well. They are all things that were considered delicious in my previous world as well. I was thinking about merchandise improvements but it seems there won’t be that many problems.

This may be thanks to the agriculture customs of the orcs.

“Well, they are all splendid things”

[Thank you very much] (Makoto)

“And so, regarding the price”

[Yes] (Makoto)

“The quality has a unanimous ‘no objections’ but, it’s a first time product after all. I do want you to understand our cowardice”

‘It’s delicious but as its an unknown product we will be buying it at a low price, do pardon us’ is how I should interpret this.

“…”

“One box will be 30 gold coins. In total it will be 480 gold coins, is what I want to leave it as”

Expensive?!

These guys are probably looking down quite a bit but even with that it’s still a really high price. This is practically a precious metal! No, a jewel box!

I didn’t let it show in my face but I was seriously thinking that these guys were idiots.

Forget about replenishing a percent of the inn lodging, I am now able to pay the whole of it.

Well I will try groaning. If I say okay too soon the sense of importance of it might go down. I had thought of increasing the price to at least 100 gold for all, I even let out a poisonous aura when I thought about that.

More like, they are all looking at my face and waiting for my answer, they are so easy to understand. For them this would be the part where it would enter negotiations with the lowest price as trigger.

[Well isn’t that pretty considerate. But remember that I am the one you are buying from. Are you pushing yourself too hard?]

“T-Then it will be just like that?!”

You are so easy to see through!

[No no, the cut is a bit bad so let’s make it 500 gold coins. How about that? That way I will not have any objections] (Makoto)

An extra that can be considered loose change. That 20,000,000 is loose change? Just what am I saying?

“500, okay! Then it’s settled! Hey!”

The merchant calls for luggage carrying and a person to bring out the gold.

Every one of them is having a pleased look on their face.

This will probably land in the place of a royalty-san or a great merchant.

If I carelessly request help with selling the fruits in this town I feel like they will overcharge me more than a high priced bar.

These guys that I sold the fruits for, just how much will they sell each one for~? 2 or 3 times higher might be a low number.

If it becomes 10 times then I will laugh. I will laugh my eyes out. It surpassed the hundred million you know? Just what kind of big shot rookie am I?

Rinon was completely absentminded after hearing the price of it. Wun.

In the case of the girl, it would be her annual income, maybe even the annual income of her older sister, that’s the kind of fruit she ate.

[Yes, I certainly received the 500 gold coins. Thank you very much] (Makoto)

“We as well! If you are to stumble upon any other strange thing, do pay us a visit”

[Okay, then] (Makoto)

Rinon revived from zero and once again held the reins.

She must still have some shock remaining but Rinon led the carriage that had 500 gold of cargo in it back to the inn.

The fruits that I randomly took with me turned into 500,000,000 yen.





Chapter 25 - … What happened?


I return to the inn.

Of course, the assassin onee-san is not there.

The moment you wake up there is no restraints and moreover there was no one on the lookout, there is no one who wouldn’t run.

I throw myself on the bed and go 大. The ends of my hands and legs can’t reach the edges of the bed at all.

In the past I took this posture a lot when I fell in deep thinking. And I also fell asleep in the middle of it a lot. Well, I am digressing though.

My body buries deeply into the mat and on the contrary it actually made me restless.

It’s my first time having such luxurious thoughts.

Rinon is not here. ‘I will return to my house for a second’ is what she said and left just like that.

It must be a lie. To a house where her sister is not in, for her to go back there, I can’t believe it.

I am now lying down here while spreading a movement [Sakai] to follow her. The maryoku can’t be felt and they are unable to detect my presence.

The current Rinon has met with people a few meters away from the inn, at this distance I can hear their conversation perfectly if I just concentrate.

The power that I received from Tsukuyomi-sama is truly useful. That I don’t understand the theory sometimes hurts me though. <取説(とりせつ)がないのが玉に瑕だけど>

—

“So, did you get their background?”

Rinon shakes her head horizontally.

“No, the only thing I could get was that he is the heir of some company” (Rinon)

“What is that? There is no difference from the information that the merchant guild has”

What did these guys expect? You really think I would tell everything to a kid that I have just met? Are these guys idiots?

“B-But. Because the carriage got attacked I haven’t had many chances to talk with him” (Rinon)

“Now that you mention it, the one that got captured had returned. We are washing her to check for magic and trickeries but nothing is coming out. What does this mean?”

“By the time I woke up in the morning the two girls he had with him were already gone. And then I went with onii-chan to the commerce area” (Rinon)

“Companions huh. They were people that had bizarre levels. I don’t know if they had an order of silence but it makes my eyebrows sweat. And?” <連れか、確か出鱈目なレベルの奴だとか。緘口令があるのか詳しくは聞けなかったが眉唾だな…それで？>

… I see, so they do silence people huh. And eyebrows sweat. Certainly…

For now I am happy that not much of the information has been leaked out.

“The onee-chan that was sleeping on the bed, by the time we returned she was not there anymore” (Rinon)

“Ha~”

“And then I told him that I would return to my house for a bit” (Rinon)

“What a blockhead that youngling is. Without any restrains and with no lookouts”

Shut up. I feel a bit happy that you are believing all this but it somehow pisses me off.

But well, looking at the appearance of Rinon and the attitude of the man, maybe he is really the ‘can’t be saved at all’ type?

“Hmph, about the cargo, did you hear anything about it?”

“That is… I don’t understand it well” (Rinon)

“Ah~ its okay, just talk”

“From here you travel 2 to 3 days and you will be enveloped by a deep mist where there is a settlement of mamono. He said he got it from them” (Rinon)

“…”

“I-I’m serious! That is what onii-chan said! That he didn’t care about the price!” (Rinon)

Rinon must have felt some danger in the silence of the man, she desperately tried to explain it to him. Those two are not in a friendly relationship. That much I can tell.

“That he didn’t care about the price?”

“He said that they were dreamlike stuff so it was fine if they can be sold. The old men in the commerce area said that they would buy it for 500 gold coins” (Rinon)

“500?!”

The voice of the man turns inside out. He is totally a person of low level.

“Y-Yeah” (Rinon)

“The lowest of the lowest price was that. These may be incredible people. But, 500 gold huh”

A vulgar expression begins to surface from the man. I could tell that Rinon was disgusted.

At any rate, the lowest of the lowest huh. And it’s that amount of gold. How frightening. Is there another way they can use it aside from selling them at a high price for being new products?

“Hey, hey~! Let me meet onee-chan! If I let you hear about a lot of things you would let me meet her right?!” (Rinon)

“Oi oi, those are words that you should say after properly doing your job right? With just this you will never be able to meet your sister”

… Thrash.

Capturing a small kid and making her do stupid jobs.

My killing intent rises.

I am seriously thinking if I could shoot him with magic from this point.

I can do it.

Lets do it.

I begin the aria. And then rethink it.

Tch, if I do it now Rinon will see someone dying in front of her. To suddenly see someone dying in front of you, it might become a trauma.

Damn it, you slightly got away with your life.

Rinon sticks to the guy and asks over and over. I breathe in deeply in order to suppress the killing intent that was slowly rising again.

“If you insist so much you leave me with no choice. Do one last job. Then I will return you your onee-chan. I will also forget about your debt”

Debt huh. It must be dirt cheap loose change for him.

“!! You are able to do something like that?!” (Rinon)

“Yeah~, its easy. You accept?”

The man who suggested that was a limitless low –life.

Of course Rinon can’t refuse.

But…

I dissolve my [Sakai]

I already know the result. I didn’t want to hear the words directly after all.

If what he said is true then Rinon’s onee-san is probably still alive.

If it turns out to be a lie I would turn it into a ‘my first torture’ and ‘my first murder’ combo.

It’s not like I want to support Tomoe but I think I might act a bit violently, so I close my eyes in order to rest.

This will be after my two followers return. There is nothing else to do right now.

And when I think about Rinon, it must be more beneficial for her if she finds me sleeping.

Soon it will be 45 minutes.

I breathe in deeply and fall asleep.

—

Noisy.

Ah, I see. I was sleeping, right.

Is Rinon okay?

Honestly, I was thinking of what to do with her from now on.

If my followers bring me the information by the time I woke up.

And Rinon is ‘still alive’, I plan on going a bit wild.

If ‘She is not’ then I am going extremely wild.

“N, morning”

I look at my surroundings. There are four people.

This is, fumu, for a ‘first episode’ it’s a happy development.

Tomoe, Mio, a woman that looks the same as the portrait and Rinon.

“Waka! You have awoken” (Tomoe)

“Waka-sama, good morning” (Mio)

For them to be using good morning when its already evening, is it that? A retaliation against me for not letting them sleep? Or is it a business-like way of greeting?

My two followers gave me greetings as expected. They have to do at least that. We are in front of people after all.

Rinon is averting her gaze.

And Rinon’s sister is bowing her head deeply. She has a really nice posture. If you are going to drop your head so much then just do a dogeza* that is more comfortable than this.



The sister is safe for now. Her little sister had returned to attempt a crime, no, she was probably caught. That Mio didn’t kill her was probably because of Tomoe.

What a lucky little girl, no, both of the sisters huh. Its to the point that I want them to share a little bit of it with me.

“Girl, lift your head” (Tomoe)

Tomoe told the sister that and she timidly lifted her head.

[Forgive me for using writing. You can read right?] (Makoto)

That her little sister can and the elder one can’t, such a thing can’t happen right?

“A, wa, yes! That you have rescued me at this instance, I truly thank you, very much!”

Being nervous to the extreme she thanked me while stuttering and fumbling. What? Is she a person that can’t handle strangers?

But a conversation is possible. Okay.

Though, she got me. Even her voice of ‘wa wa wa’. Aside from the color of her hair, she was the exact copy of her.

[You are free to talk the way you want. You are not a follower or anything like that so] (Makoto)

“As you can see, she has returned with all her limbs waka” (Tomoe)

“She was being treated with some rough drugs but I have already cleaned them out” (Mio)

You two, your reports are practically asking me to give you praise. But they truly did do a good job.

So Mio had a secret skill like poison counteraction huh. This will be useful.

I once again look at the sister. Now that I think about it, her face had so much impact that I didn’t remember her name. Uhm what was it again?

I certainly heard it from Rinon but for some reason I can’t find it.

But…

While I am thinking about asking her again, I look at her from hair to the tip of her toes.

The more I look the more I feel that this is not on the level of ‘she resembles her’.

The worlds are different and yet there are two melons, how amazing.

She is a bit taller than me. And her style that feels like it has already been completed. Her breast are on the big side.

And her appearance that was practically a mirror image of ‘that girl’. Just, her eyes were a bit wild, more like, this is probably the eyes an adventurer has.

They were eyes that were rough and filled with inquisitiveness.

And her hair. She had the same red hair as her little sister. It was not a ‘black hair dyed red’.

“Hasegawa right?” (Makoto)

It’s the kohai* that I remembered thanks to Tomoe.

The girl that confessed to someone like me, moreover, the kohai that I had awfully rejected and hurt.





Hasegawa A cute and zealous kohai that gave her all in archery.

That’s why even if I knew this girl was a completely different person, it disturbed my heart.

It was an event that I was made to remember not too long ago so more the reason, or so I think.

“Eh?”

I accidentally called her by that name. Her lips moved slightly and from there the sister let out a voice in reaction.

Tomoe let it slip by but the ears of Mio perked up and reacted to it. I feel that she will be questioning me pointlessly later.

It’s a name from my previous world so they probably didn’t take it as a person’s name.

[Its nothing. Anyways, I heard the situation from Rinon and was preoccupied. I am glad you are okay] (Makoto)

“I was reaping what I sowed, but you have truly saved us. We have been able to properly ‘manage’ so I got ahead of myself”

Her way of rethinking about herself is the same as Hasegawa.

Being able to more or less stand your ground in a harsh frontier, you can certainly get self-confident with that.

But I don’t know what to think about you bringing your little sister there.

After all with one error the little sister ended up in beggar-like looks and tottering the town at night, her sister was being drugged and her life was in danger.

[It seems that this is a pretty dangerous place. The outside is of course but the interior is as well. I have my followers with me so I am somehow able to live] (Makoto)

I respond to her while mixing in a wry smile.

In reality, the level of these two are practically the definition of bizarre.

Hearing that the two of them were mentioned, their expressions changed, practically saying ‘it was nothing’. In a way like they were smirking.

Really.

But the moment I mentioned those two in the conversation, I noticed the change in the appearance of Hasegawa and her little sister.

Her sister was moved, the little sister was cowering.

“The strength of your followers was truly dreadful-desu. First, they appeared in the room that we were confined without a single sound, it was a quite epic and incredible thing!”

“No no, it wasn’t that much” (Tomoe)

“If I use my darkness abilities something like that is nothing” (Mio)

That’s why I’m saying your faces are too loose. There is a limit to how happy you can be.

“That’s right! Then the darkness magic-desu! It helped me drive away the poison that was inside my body, and when we were returning, with her hands, she destroyed the door that was coated without even using an aria!”

Leaving aside the coating part, that she was able to clean the poison is pretty incredible. Next time I will ask her to teach me*. I think it was a bit too much to destroy the door though, but right now it’s a plus for you Mio.

However, even with that. I can’t find an explanation for the state of Rinon when her sister has already returned.

She was probably told by that man to steal the money, the moment she was about to give it she was caught by one of the two, maybe?

I understand that she must feel guilty about it.

But the sister that was her true objective has returned alive, so I think it should be fine to have a more cheerful face.

Rinon that had a face that looked like she was worried, seems to be saying something. Without moving for a bit, she hung her head down all stiffly.

“Moreover, the lookouts and the able mercenaries were all handled by Tomoe-sama’s splendid body ability, they all went *snap *snap”

Oh? I feel like she is telling me something in a roundabout way. Is she just exaggerating things? I warned Tomoe not too long ago after all.

“!!! Y-You are exaggerating Toa. I didn’t do that much…” (Tomoe)

There is one idiot here that looks like a kid who has been discovered doing bad things. She tried to restrain Toa but I stop her with my eyes. And then I clearly confirm the appearance of Mio that was sweating.

The sister of Rinon called Toa, who was right now in a state of excitement, continued talking without the need for me to press her to continue.

“What do you mean ‘exaggerating’-desu ka! Its my first time seeing such a thing!! Even the building that was made with special materials to resist demon attacks was destroyed without a trace by Tomoe-sama’s fist and Mio-sama’s darkness” (Toa)

The two of them were going ‘a wa wa wa’, they were at each side of Toa-san making an incredibly easy to understand reaction.

“They even blew away the guild’s strongest, Ace, and 50 other adventurer mercenaries that were teaming up!”

… Uh, hey?!

What?! What is happening?! Don’t tell me that while I was sleeping it already turned into an ‘all is resolved, look forward to the next episode’?!

I am glad that I have a mask. I am sure that my face is showing a lot of expressions right now. Eh, are these tears?

I didn’t know about this feeling.

The words of Toa hit me in my heart in a way I didn’t expect.





Chapter 26 - Such a thing happened


~ Toa’s Side ~

Was that truly reality?

It would be accurate to say that that day was a big turning point in my life.

We made a party of five, it wasn’t that we took a job, we just left to explore the wasteland.

Forests, valleys, caves.

No one has been able to travel to this places.

The medium layers have been explored but the deepest parts have only been narrowly scraped and there are a lot of places that have not been touched at all.

Recently, it has been discovered that after travelling for a length of 7 to 10 days you will be able to arrive at a volcano belt that probably has elder dwarfs.

Its just that the party that found that place was soon attacked by the Black Calamity Spider and had to escape, so the details are not known.

If this is actually true then it was a big happening, as it could be an exploration point that could provide them with the highest grade weapons and armors.

Aside from the merchants, for adventurers like us, there was nothing as pleasant as obtaining outstanding weapons and armors.

Well, if we were able to go there then we would have been able to join in with the big scale exploration group of 100 people, the chances are none though. <まあ、私たちがいけるとしたら百人規模の大規模な探索作戦が組まれたときにまぎれるくらいしか可能性はないけれど。>

The actual situation is that the average of this group is level 120 and the places we can go from the base are tru~ly close places only.

And in those places we obtain various materials and fight the mamonos that we can face, then we sell the parts that can be sold. In that way we are able to barely maintain our livelihood.

Actually, a party of level 120 would normally place in the high spots of the 4 great powers. We would be able to handle most of the dungeons and suppressions.

And in reality we are one of the parties that has its name known in the empire.

But in this place we are greenhorns. We can even be called total novices.

We came to the ‘last base’ with our pride and confidence.

In the first exploration we did when we arrived, two died.

At the third, one died.

As we were breaking we were also able to replenish the people but, the other day, finally one of the group decided to return and withdrew.

From the 5 people that came here only I remained, everyone else disappeared.

And in the previous exploration. We failed in a subjugation commission of the black 2-headed dog, Liz. I lost the 4 companions in an instant and without gaining anything, I returned with only my life.

That I planned on taking a loan thinking I would be able to pay it with results, was a fatal mistake.

As if it was only natural, I couldn’t pay the moneylender and was forced to pay with manual labor.

When this happens there is no way to comeback, it meant retirement.

No matter what they did to me I wouldn’t be able to go against the people that had bodyguards of a level that were too different from mine.

My journey came to an end.

As I was a woman, the type of manual labor differed from the men but manual labor where they used drugs, my body couldn’t handle it much longer.

Finally, in order to make me unable to resist, I was shot with a drug for body relaxation and also a drug of thought dispersing, and was brought to a room where I would wait for my turn to be used for human body experiments.

It was a journey where I only wanted one thing. The moment I was able to obtain it I had the intention of ending it but in that place I lost everything.

My little sister is probably no good as well. She was my only relative and was still young so I used my own funding and somehow managed to have her transported to this base.

For a kid to survive in this place is impossible. My little sister is not even an adventurer after all.

It was mortifying but I could do nothing about it.

As expected, it was impossible for me.

In the past, when my ancestors still managed the rituals in the spirit temples.

One of my ancestors that had the strongest power, joined a party and challenged dragon extermination.

It seems to be a supreme existence that had the nickname of “invincible”. Its said to be sleeping in the deepest parts of the borders.

Everyone believed in the success of it but, it was a failure.

Not a single one returned. Total annihilation.

From what I have heard, the average for the parties in those times was 600. And it was supposed to be a fight with chances of winning.

Because the ones participating was said to be more than 100.

But not a single one of them returned.

And after that, my household lost the dagger that was said to be a sacred treasure because of the acts of that one person, faced with slander they were chased out of the temple.

Reaching a town, they blended in, living the life of a commoner and over and over they changed towns, and it was the same even in my generation.

That’s why.

For me.

It became a clear objective, to come to this borders and obtain the dagger that has been told to me all the time.

Becoming an adventurer I trained my skills and waited for that chance, and then, finally, I was able to reach the borders… and yet.

I couldn’t obtain any information about the dragon or about the dagger.

Even those kind of thoughts were crumbling because of the drugs and left me absentminded, at that time, a miracle happened to me.

“It seems to be this girl-ja no”

“Yeah, I am glad. It looks like she is still alive”

I can hear the voice of someone. But even if I knew that, I wasn’t able to do anything. I couldn’t move and couldn’t talk after all.

“It seems they have done something to her”

“It looks like they have used drugs-desu”

“Hmph, if that’s true then, even if we take her away she will die”

“Please wait for a second… This is, not that kind of type, it seems to be something that snatches her ability to resist”

“Ho~, do you have knowledge in medicine? I didn’t know that. And, how is it? Are you able to do something about it?”

“Fufufu, of course. Something like this…”

A hand is held out in front of me. The senses in my body return in a second. And then my thoughts rearrange.

“Ho~ that’s pretty impressive-ja na”

“And… a little extra-desu wa”

The girl with black hair used the darkness to swallow the door that was locked and reinforced with special materials, and destroyed it.

“Wa?!”

What an unbelievable thing. For a magic that has been activated with no aria to be this powerful.

“You are Toa-ja na?”

The blue haired girl that has been crossing her hands looks down at me.

What is it, what is happening? Will I be saved?

“Y-Yeah. I am Toa but…”

“How is your body-ja? Nothing wrong with it?”

Is she worrying about me? So that means she is not an enemy right?

With this, maybe…

“I feel a bit dull but I can move”

“That is splendid. Okay, then Mio”

“Yeah, let’s retreat at once Tomoe-san” (Mio)

“Umu, ah, no wait. That was close that was close, we were about to be tricked by waka” (Tomoe)

The girl called Tomoe suddenly returned the leg that was headed to the door.

“By waka-sama? What is wrong-desu ka?” (Mio)

“Listen here Mio. Waka ordered us to rescue this girl. Right?” (Tomoe)

“Yeah, and as you can see she is safe isn’t she?” (Mio)

“Naïve! You are too naïve!” (Tomoe)

“Eh?! What is-desu?” (Mio)

For these girls this should be the center of enemy territory and yet, they are talking without even lowering their volume.

I should have stopped that but, since this was such an out of the standards situation, I wasn’t able to maintain a calm reasoning.

“Waka, seeing that we have only rescued this girl and left, he will say this ‘Tomoe, Mio, and? What about the others?’” (Tomoe)

“… ha!!” (Mio)

“It seems you understood-ja na. In other words, if we only take this girl and return…” (Tomoe)

“Waka-sama will get angry?!” (Mio)

The girl called Mio screamed with a bitter face.

“That’s right-ja” (Tomoe)

The girl called Tomoe nodded with a self-satisfied look.

“That means, the action we should be taking is…” (Tomoe)

“It’s troublesome but, the correct answer is to save everyone and take them with us, right-desu wa ne?” (Mio)

“Yeah. Aside from this girl, we can leave the other ones wherever we please. They won’t fit in the room after all” (Tomoe)

“I see, I have learned” (Mio)

The two of them shook their head in understanding. But, is this the time to be so leisure?

“I am sorry but this is as far as you go, intruders-san”

Saying ‘Ah~’ I hold my head. This is the obvious happening.

Not only did they destroy the door that was locked, they were also talking so loudly, there is no way they didn’t notice someone had trespassed.

Moreover, this is the worst.

This voice is that person. The highest level in this base, Ace.

It’s the guy that, instead of going to explorations, decided to be a bodyguard for the rich guys and gain easy gold.

But, in terms of ability, he is without a doubt the top in this place. The difference in level between the Number 2 is too much.

It was my long awaited chance but, with this…

“So they discovered us huh” (Tomoe)

“Ara ara, they have come” (Mio)

But the two of them didn’t falter at all.

The enemy is a level 444*. He could even be counted as one of the most prominent adventurers in the world.

“Hm? These fellows… Hey!”

“Ha!!”

“Aren’t these the two odd people that you mentioned?”

Ace said that and began talking to one of his companions.

“Yeah, that’s right. These are the fellows, Ace-san”

“Hmph~. You guys said that they were monsters with four digits right? This is, we have truly met in a strange place” (Ace)

4 digit… what?

“What, so you already knew about us. The word travels fast huh” (Tomoe)

“Just like waka-sama said, it was correct to act as fast as we could” (Mio)

Ace makes a vulgar face while appraising the two of them.

I couldn’t follow the conversation. At any rate, I felt like I will fall in panic trying to figure out what is happening.

“Hoho~?” (Ace)

“What is it-desu?” (Mio)

“Don’t play dumb, ‘the way for level alteration and misrecognition’ right? Anyways, you guys went overboard, level 1320 and 1500 you say? Hihahahahahahah!” (Ace)

Level, alteration? Misrecognition?! What is Ace saying?

“I also learned it by coincidence. I didn’t expect the body fluids to have such an effect. I thought that was my exclusive secret” (Ace)

“I also heard it from Ace-san and was able to understand. I went, ‘So that’s how it was’. 4 digits is obviously a fraud”

Tomoe, Mio, the two girls that were called like that, I clearly heard them sighing.

“I don’t care about what you bastards think but…” (Tomoe)

It was in the moment that Tomoe opened her mouth with a tired look.

“Hi~a, what. Did you guys not know? Then I let my words slip out. That means you had one accomplice prepared right?” (Ace)

A *click.

The atmosphere of the two slightly changed. After the laughing words of Ace.

“Aren’t you guys quite the fraudsters?! And the story about a certain company’s kid also smells like a lie right?!” (Ace)

Ace and his colleagues began to grow boisterous. It was a merriness that made you wonder if they were under the effects of sake.

After all, they have the absolute number advantage.

But, what is it? For a while now I haven’t been able to stop my chills. This is not something that comes from a hostile situation. Just what is the world is this?

“Even though he is a man, he has a pink ring and talks with writing and walks with a mask! Is this a masquerade venue~?!”

Ah~ this is.

Anger. I don’t know the reason why but, the tiredness…

Changed into anger.

“I am sure that behind that mask you will find a goblin that can think, there is no doubt that he is an inhuman ugly-kun! Hyahahahaahhaa!!”

Dogoooon!!!

I suddenly heard something striking hard.

On Ace’s face I could see a fist, and on his body, a mass of darkness.

But both of them were stopped just in front of him. This is.

“… Clay Aegis”

The voice that felt like it was absentminded, I noticed a little later that it was mine.

That is what they call Clay Aegis, it’s a product that is made from various materials and can only be obtained in this base.

It’s manufactured by using various rare materials and it’s an anti-magic physic barrier equipment. It comes with a limit of use but I heard that it’s quite strong.

So that sound was the attack of the two of them being stopped. An attack that could even create a gust of wind that reached to where I was, those two did something like that.

“Oh~ Oh~ so you have a decent amount of power. It’s great that you came prepared. But too bad for you…” (Mio)

“Oi, Mio. You should go clear out the drugs from the other people. I* will handle this” (Tomoe)

“Will you please stop joking? To say such abusive remarks to waka-sama. I will take responsibility on cleaning up every single hair of these guys. By the way Tomoe-san, didn’t you say you would use ‘washi’* at another time?” (Mio) <TN: Tomoe used washi to refer to herself>

The words of the two of them didn’t seem to carry any worries about Ace blocking their attack, it was like a quarrel to take each other’s prey.

“Listen to what I am saying…”

“You must have already noticed-ja. You can just join in when you finish with the drug clear out. It will be a good exercise for the body. At any rate, I will be punching this guy” (Tomoe)

“Hmph, if you don’t leave any for me I will not forgive you okay? Especially the face, I will be slapping them after all” (Mio)

“Understood-ja. At this occasion I will try to hold back” (Tomoe)

Ignoring the words of Ace, the conversation ended.

And then…

Mio-san did the same clear out to several others like me. And they were all done with no aria, as if it were only natural.

Level 1320? 1500?

E?

Eh?

Tomoe-san looks at Ace again.

“Then-ja, I will not be going with the knuckles but with the fist. For the sake of Mio, don’t die with one hit okay?” (Tomoe)

She draws back the stretched out hand and…

*Gusha

The second fist that was pushed out, in a second, it destroyed the Clay Aegis barrier mechanism and hit the face of Ace.

Nailed into the wall, Ace wasn’t even able to let out a sound. The strongest in the base…

“Now now, quickly come at me one after the other!” (Tomoe)

Saying that, without even touching the sword that was on her waist, she danced between the numerous edged weapons that the mercenaries had.

Hitting the sword with her fist, the out of common sense scenario of a sword crumbling, the young girl punched the brawny men into submission.

In a totally refreshing manner.

“Wait a minute! Let me in too!” (Mio)

Mio-san that had already finished with the clearing out, slipped into the fray. Is what I thought but, she grabs the Ace-san that was nailed in the wall by the collar and…

Shipapapapapappapapa…

She began a barrage of slaps that made her right hand look like a blur. Without even having to wait, the face of Ace turned a perfect circle shape at that instant.

“Fu~” (Mio)

With that out of the way, this time for sure, she joined the fray.

“Oh~?! So you have come Mio! Listen well, learn to hold back the best you can and leave them ba~rely alive!” (Tomoe)

“With this many I will learn it. Easy-peasy-desu. The other guy also most likely didn’t die!” (Mio)

“Then, let’s make this spacious” (Tomoe)

“Right, this place is a bit cramped to rampage after all” (Mio)

Tomoe-san unsheathes the sword-looking thing out of its scabbard. Mio-san, without a sound, with those slim and white hands, she calls the darkness.

The sword flashes and the wall collapses, the darkness that was stretching out sinks the floor.

The building that was supposed to be solid, in a split second it was destroyed and became a wide-space.

Is this, a dream?

The two of them say ‘Okay’ and put away the sword and darkness, to make their movements easier they roll up their clothes.

The two girls hit, kick, throw, chase, the people that were close to level 200, like they were scattering some small spiders.

I… began believing that they were level 1320 and 1500.

This scene had that much of an impact.

That’s why I was watching.

Not only me. Everyone that had been captured, their hearts had been snatched, they let their bodies be driven by that shock.

It was almost over. In just a few minutes.

The ‘only’ thing left was the room where we were.

The large estate building that was in the outsides of the town, already became pieces of rubble.

“Fu~ dafafarasyougof*!!”

All of a sudden I felt a cold sensation on my neck.

From my neck, something edged was hitting it and someone was lifting his voice.

I was caught off guard. This was Ace. His swelled up face and the voice he released, it could instill pity in anyone.

Because he, most likely, tried to say ‘that’s as far as you go’.

Tomoe-san and Mio, however, seemed like they didn’t notice and were finding the last remaining ones and hitting them. Incredible.

“daf af..!” (Ace)

In the moment he tried to say it once more.

At my sides, the two of them were there. At my left, Tomoe-san. At my right, Mio-san. It was only an instant.

When I check once more, I see that the two of them were not at their previous location.

“Shut uuup!”

Receiving the kick of Tomoe-san and the fist of Mio-san.

Ace-san was send flying somewhere. This is the first time in my life I have seen a person becoming a star from a punch.

“Fumu, this will suffice. Well, I think we overdid it a bit huh” (Tomoe)

“No no, impoliteness to our waka-sama deserves death” (Mio)

“Yeah, in the end, I had more half-dead people than you right? Ufufufufu~♪” (Mio)

The laughing of Tomoe-san took place.

Eh? The fight already ended right? What is this dangerous atmosphere?

“Are you half-asleep? It’s true that Mio worked hard but I had 3 more than you” (Tomoe)

“Ara ara, were you weak at calculating? I had 2 more than you-desu wa” (Mio)

“Ho~ I am amazed that you can’t do a 1+1. Listen here, its certain that I had more than you-ja” (Tomoe)

“No, it was me-desu” (Mio)

The two of them began quarrelling between me. Scary. Because even with only their pinky finger, they are absolutely stronger than me.

“U, um… How about you leave that for later?”

Without dismay, I interpose. I don’t want my live that has been finally saved, to be lost in the quarrel of these two.

“Like we can leave it!” (Tomoe)

“We can’t leave it!” (Mio)

“Hihi?!”

Tomoe-san answers me immediately and looks at me seriously. What is it? What will they do to me?

“Girl, you said your name was Toa right? I am able to do something like this-ja. You think that I am the one who defeated the most right?” (Tomoe)

Saying that, she unsheathes her sword and swings it once.

The high wall that was enclosing the outsides of the estate, made a thunderous sound and began to collapse. Eh, that, just now?

With fear taking over me, I shake my head up and down.

I think that’s the normal reaction.

“Wa?! Hey~ Toa-san… If I wanted to, ei… see? I was the one who did the most right?” (Mio)

A number of buildings in the town that you could see after the thin road, in a second, they were swallowed by the darkness and disappeared. From this distance, and without a single word?!

I once again was taken over by fear and shake my head up and down.

I think that’s the normal reaction.

“?! Ho~ so you are going to make it a competition no matter what?” (Tomoe)

“Ara, I was just asking the opinion of a third party-desu wa” (Mio)

“Wawawawa”

“Ufufufufu”

*Bachibachibachi!

Their gazes were releasing bluish sparks.

I had an incredibly bad presentiment. I had but, well, I didn’t have the will to stop them.

“Hey, Toa! It was me right?!” (Tomoe)

“No… Toa-san! It should have been me!” (Mio)

Saying that, the two unknown people, to the base that had lasted for many years…

They showed me how they destroyed it while I laughed in tears.

And that was without resistance. Without a single word.

Everyone that tried to oppose had become a star in the sky, and practically every building was turned into rubble.

In there you could only see a number of craters and rubble.

And then, for some reason, just one inn that is considered the most luxurious in town, was left standing.

At that point, the two of them made a strange smile and did a firm handshake.

The storm passed.

Swallowing everything with it.

We were in the entrance of the inn, saved by some kind of miracle, with my little sister by my side.

And I faced the man called ‘waka-sama’ that the two of them served.

~ Makoto’s side ~

“Not happening Not happening Not happening!!” (Makoto)

After hearing everything, I bolted to the window and look outside.

There is nothing! Really nothing!!

It became the remains of a battlefield!!

I left the room.

I see a number of people sitting down but I don’t pay them attention and enter the room at the opposite side!

Window, scenery, both of them!

*Dadadadada!

I return to the room!

I look at the two of them!

They don’t look at me in the eye!

My feelings of shouting like crazy are filled up. But for some strange reason I had a part of me that was calm and I desist.

I look at my surroundings.

Rinon! I see, so that’s why she had that face!

Anyways, I look at her.

[I am glad you are okay] (Makoto)

When I show her those words, Rinon hugs me and cries herself out.

That’s… a given right?

Even if it was a blessing that they were in the inn, they were shown how the town disappeared in front of them, she was taken by the two of them and her sister and returned here.

After a while, she fell asleep. The tension she had must have gone.

Even though I was calm, I was filled with anger. If what was gone from Rinon was the tension then for me it was my self-restraint.

So…

From my belongings I take out one arrow that was specially made for me by the dwarfs.

I hold the good enough bow that was given to me by the orcs. Open the window.

In the feather part of the arrow I tie 2 strings.

I tie both ends onto Mio and Tomoe’s clothes.

Silence, it was just silence.

And then with the bow…

“W-Wait a minute waka…?” (Tomoe)

“U-Um isn’t this dange…?” (Mio)

The two of them tried to say something but, it was already too late.

“Fly and reflect on what you have done!!!!” (Makoto)

“Fuoooooo?!!!”

“Wakiaaaaaaaa?!!!”

With a *bling, the two of them flew away.

The rumor that I had gone through all the trouble of spreading, they ruined it all!

What should I do from now on?!

‘My clothes a kimono!” is what I probably heard but I ignored it.

This is no good, at this rate it’s definitely not good! Someday I will become a terrorist! No, I already am! If this gets out I won’t be able to hide it, what should I do?! Aaaaah! My Japanese is weird!

Tomoe, for now I will let her do what she wants. For the sake of reaching the difference of level with Mio she will probably ask me something like that. She seems to be the type that likes warrior training after all. I will order something random to her, I will do that.

Mio, compared to Tomoe, is still in the docile part. There is nothing she can’t handle and she is able to understand when she is going wild so it’s easier to control. Making her my bodyguard I will go fast, at any rate I will hurry and go to the town called Tsige.

The bases that are in the middle of the way, I will try my best to run past them. If Tomoe is not there then we won’t have that many troubles, probably.

That’s right, let’s do that. Let’s hurry, to a safe land!

I will gather the people that are somehow okay.

And the me who has managed to maintain calm.

Was finally able to write words.

[I will escort you guys to the next town]

Is what I said.

… We have done it now!!!





Chapter 27 - Just in case, I will be doing it too you know?


I heard an ‘Ah~’

A deep sigh was let out.

From the cargo of the carriage.

When I send a fleeting glance, I could see 4 heads peeking out to look at the tall wall in front of us.

There is still some distance but even from where I am I can see that it’s pretty tall. That it’s a big town might be true.

In the end, the 5 of people that were in the ‘once’ last town, wished to accompany me to Tsige.

I didn’t have a reason to refuse them, or more like, I couldn’t refuse them.

I felt guilty about my followers destroying a whole base so I heard their wish.

A distance of approximately two weeks, with a carriage filled of people, we didn’t push ourselves and leisurely advanced increasing the time to three weeks.

Right now, beside me is Mio who is wearing a kimono and Rinon that was overwhelmed by the tall wall.

I had two flowers in both sides. Though one side is the pervert follower, and the other is a child.

Even though I call it a kimono, it’s something that the dwarfs made by copying the designs of Tomoe.

That’s why there is no classification, but its clothes that can be safely used as casual wear. It’s what they call pongee.

It has long sleeves, as expected, so I wanted to stop her. It must inconvenient when she is walking.

With the reason of ‘training’ I had Tomoe take separate conduct, just as planned, thanks for the meal.

The people that were accompanying us were looking at me with a horrifying gaze.

They were looking at the guy who said okay to the separate conduct.

I had things to do and Tomoe is completely fine by herself so I gave her the okay though.

If I had Mio go with her, I felt that my part would become a complete mess so I had Mio to stay with me.

… Honestly, Mio is still not that unreasonable. As long as I am watching though.

Rinon is quite attached to Mio and me, with the exception of the sister Toa-san, the people that are accompanying us have not conversed with us that much.

I think that’s something regretting but, when I think about the trigger that made them accompany us, I thought that it wasn’t surprising at all so I gave up on trying to better our relationship.

I should be happy that at least one is attached to me.

Anyways, I don’t feel the need of being friendly to the bunch of adventurers that look like spectators.

I will just do them a favor, arrive at Tsige and leave them as just acquaintances.

My ‘experiment’ went well after all.

Tomoe’s mist, Mio’s darkness and the knowledge.

Using those, I tried to make them forget a little bit faster the events that occurred in the town, this was unexpectedly a big success.

It takes time but, in at least 2 weeks it will be able to deviate their recognition.

For the sake of not touching the topic too much.

I will have to move carefully.

We haven’t ‘disposed’ of the problem with Toa-san and Rinon though.

Well, I will think about that at a later time. I am planning on staying at Tsige for a while after all.

“Incre~dible!! A big wall~!” (Rinon)

Rinon finally raises her voice and gets merry.

It’s certainly big.

But she was at an even deeper part so, hasn’t she come here at least once?

[Rinon, you haven’t passed here before?] (Makoto)

“Eh, ah, Onii-chan. I was transferred here with a magic formation so I actually haven’t been outside that much” (Rinon)

Rinon is completely using Onii-chan to call me now. Though, a magic formation huh. They have quite the convenient system.

“Ara, transfer magic-desu ka. Then, wouldn’t it have been faster and safer if all of us used that to move?” (Mio)

Mio-san says that. She is unexpectedly diligent in her learning of society, she is getting better at hiding that she is a pervert. I am thankful for that. I pray that one day she can cure that perverted behavior of hers.

“Uhm, the cost for a transfer is incredible so it’s something we can’t ask of you~” (Toa)

Oh.

When I turn to my back I see Toa-san that, at some point in time, had poked out her head from the carriage.

She has already began to call Mio as Mio-sama, she is even hoping for Mio to take her as a disciple. For now I am not letting her though.

Such a complicated relationship like ‘the disciple of my follower’, I want you to spare me from that!

[How expensive is that?] (Makoto)

“If it’s up to Tsige then one person would cost 20 gold coins. The luggage is separate and comes in turns” (Toa)

Uee~ such a celebrity.

Even if I say that, I got an absurd amount of money from the products that I got for free in Asora, to take out that much money won’t hurt me that much. Counting that it’s a demerit for these guys that are accompanying me.

For the guys who are aiming to train and get rich, I don’t think they would throw away the chance for training and money and use the transfer magic. I should think of this as a luxury that was made specifically for merchants and nobles.

[How expensive. Well, it will only be 8 days before we arrive so, there is no way we will be transferring at this point~] (Makoto)

“A wa wa, you are right. More like, it has been comfortable till now. With how safe it is, it can even be used as a business to live by” (Toa)

The words of admiration from Toa-san.

Mio is using a folding fan to hide her smile. As always, she is weak against compliments.

The folding fan is iron-ribbed so it’s not cute at all. I wonder why Mio based the design of her weapon on a folding fan. The attack power isn’t that high. Are her iron-ribs made out of fantasy metal like mithril? Well, she is using it like that so it must be. Even if I call it a mithril folding fan, I don’t feel that way about it.

In reality, the travel has been incredibly safe.

The fellows that know the strength of Mio don’t get close so, the ones that don’t know are taken care of instantly. It was faster than a 1 turn kill. It felt like a safe-encounter field.

It didn’t feel like there was a turn at all.

More like, the collecting and skinning, those times were longer.

We thought of leaving them there but Toa-san and the other adventurers had a ‘what a waste’ face on them and were like ‘are you leaving the materials behind?’, so I let them.

Because they were looking at the beasts and bugs’ corpses as if they were going to cry.

Especially Toa-san that looked exactly like my Kohai. Looking at the animals that looked like they were involved in a traffic accident and the bugs that were smashed, as if they were gems, it truly got me.

Thanks to that, I was able to learn quite a bit about the way of taking certain parts and other basic things.

Of course, the materials that we collected were left inside the luggage part of the carriage.

Because of that, the adventurers that are sleeping there were slowly losing their space.

But even with that, they had a pleased face. Just how happy can they be when they have to bend their bodies to sleep?

For now I had one of each kind packed inside a box apart.

It will serve me as study material.

Well, it should be fine to just distribute the goods the moment we are going to separate. It gets in the way after all.

[I don’t have any intentions of living in the borders. I am a merchant by profession but I am thinking of going around the various countries] (Makoto)

“I see, what a waste. You have that much power and yet” (Toa)

From the perspective of Toa-san that’s how it is. For adventurers, the income is important. That the ‘power’ she refers to is directed to my servants, makes me a bit sad.

Well, I will be able to think about it leisurely when we arrive to the town anyways.

“Onii-chan, there is something there!!” (Rinon)

“Waka-sama, over there-desu” (Mio)

Hearing the voice of the two people on the conductor seat, I turn my head to the front. Those are bugs.

Ants that used four of their legs to walk while their forelegs were like sickles and a bee that was bright red. Both of them were large scaled and their numbers were… 1, 2, 3… 10.

They said their names were Size Ant and Red Bee, maybe?

Well, it’s not that big of a deal. It’s a type that we have encountered quite a lot.

“Aaaaahh~!!”

What is it?!

When I look, everyone that was inside the carriage had peeked out their head from the cloth. I wanted to say that they looked like turtles.

But, why are they raising their voices?

“Ra-Ra-Raidou-san! That, that!”

[Size Ant and Red Bee right? What about them?] (Makoto)

“That’s not it! The bee one!”

“That is, the real deal…”

“Unbelievable, Rubee-eye…”

Oh, the monster is different huh. This reaction, is it a rare monster?

“Is it uncommon-desu ka?” (Mio)

From what I see, there are 6 of them. They seem to have noticed us but it will take a while before we run into them.

“Incredibly! Rare! To the point that it’s impossible for it to be near a town!”

“And they are crazy strong! Magic doesn’t work, they are quick and their toxicity is strong!”

They are really excited huh, if they are so strong, isn’t it bad?

[So, are you guys able to defeat it? If that’s the case then, I don’t mind leaving it to you guys] (Makoto)

If they can do it then it should be fine to leave it to them. Just being there all the time will affect their skills after all.

“Totally impossible! It will annihilate us all!”

Hey hey.

“To be able to barely do something against it you need a level of over 130 party”

That means, the ones that are barely at that level would be Toa-san and that priest warrior dwarf girl huh. I forgot her name.

But they are a bunch that are merrily enjoying this trip as if it was an open car in a safari. I am able to understand that these people are stupid.

[Mio, I am counting on you] (Makoto)

“Jeez, that ant, it dissolved my clothes last time you know?” (Mio)

Saying that, she showed me the dissolved part at the end of her sleeve… it was only a few centimeters. If it’s only that, it shouldn’t worry you that much.

[When we arrive at the town I will fix it for you, for now…] (Makoto)

“There is no choice then…” (Mio)

It seems she will be accepting, that helps me.

“Mio-sama! Leave the sickles from the Size Ant please!”

“Don’t smash the head of the Rubee-eye at any cost!”

“Also the wings of the Rubee-eye…”

Before the cheers, they began demanding things. What a truly self-interested bunch.

“… Waka-sama” (Mio)

I have a bad presentiment.

[What is it?]

“I don’t want to do it-desu. I ask of you Waka-sama” (Mio)

“Wait!”

Wow, everyone had surprise in their face. By the way, even I had it.

[T-That I should do it?]

“Jeez, every time every time every single time… it’s a pain-desu no! Leave that part, aim for that spot. Up till now I have been holding it in but, I’m already at my limit-desu!” (Mio)

[B-But Mio. They are important materials after all, it will also serve in your training right?] (Makoto)

“I have already done enough training for holding back! This will also become a good training for you Waka-sama. I leave it in your hands!” (Mio)

She turned her head angrily and rejected me.

Hah~

It’s not like I don’t understand her feelings. Leaving aside if the dark magic can work or not, if she forcefully uses the darkness and smashes them while taking in mind the collection of the materials, it will truly become a source of stress.

If it’s this distance…

No choice. I thought I would go without showing it but.

It feels a bit bad if they think of me as incompetent.

I will be doing it.





Chapter 28 - I get off the carriage and the babysitting ends


[You leave me no choice. Then, I will be doing the last one] (Makoto)

“Eh?!” (Rinon)

The first thing that came out was the wonder of Rinon.

*fidget*fidget. Just how low are her expectations of me?

“U-Um Raidou-san? We will be doing as well you know?! Let’s ask Mio do it!”

The other people are also desperately trying to stop.

A tear-jerking assessment must mean something like this.

I couldn’t even collect raw materials so I can tell how much of a novice they think I am.

I rummage for my bow and arrow and take them out. I exchange looks with Mio and stop the carriage.

As expected of the bicorn horse-san. He isnt even fazed by the strong looking bugs that are heading straight to us. He is listening to my orders by the letter.

Uhm, the ant’s weak point was the head right? Where was it for the bees?

[Uhm, the weak point of the Size Ant’s the head right? The one called Rubee-eye, was it the head?] (Makoto)

“That’s why I told you its impossible!”

“Also, for the Rubee-eye, its no good if you only aim at the head!!”

“You haven’t heard about them, to fight them is…!”

They are really telling me off. I will cry you know? But, they certainly did tell me not to aim for the head, I messed up a bit.

[Its fine, just tell me where I should be aiming at for the Rubee-eye, please] (Makoto)

“Uwa… This guy intends to shoot without even knowing the range of a bow!”

“Please, we can still convince Mio to do it”

“… The weakness of the Rubee-eye, if I remember correctly, its the abdomen-desu” (Toa)

“Hey Toa?!”

Toa silences the noisy bunch. Umu, this girl has good eyes. It seems that she was able to see my ability the moment I took a stance with the bow. Fufu, I am scared of myself.

The head and the abdomen huh.

Hmph, with ‘how close’ they are, there is no way for me to miss.

If it’s just archery it would be another case, but I also master the art of archery. If its necessary I can even do close quarter combat. Ah, that’s right. Next time, lets ask the dwarfs-san to make ‘that’ for me.

I am of course, used to moving enemies.

I prepare my bow. There are still a lot of arrows that the dwarfs gave me. There is no problems with this equipment.

(Hey hey, Toa?!)

(Shut up! It looks like he is concentrating) (Toa)

(No, like I am telling you, its impossible. This distance is something only magic can manage)

(And also, he is a level 1. What is he thinking?)

These bunch, h-how disrespectful. The words of the calm elf-looking girl pierce right though my heart. Even though she calls Mio with honorifics!

But from the 10 enemies I have already locked on 6 of them.

7, 8, 9…

Then, lets answer the expectations of Toa-san.

Is what I thought but…

(If push comes to shove we still have Mio-sama with us) (Toa)

(Oh, I see. We are going to let him do what he wants and have her move out)

(Also, he might be someone awesome if Mio-sama left it to him)

(… No no no… That’s impossible for a level 1)

(It’s not Raidou-san, it’s that bow. It may be an incredible object. It may have something like aiming or critical that will kill them off in one hit) (Toa)

(… I see, I didn’t think about that. Certainly, leaving the bow aside, the arrows are pretty well made)

The damn that keeps the tears of my heart might break down at any point. You go straight to denying my own ability?

It’s the bow huh!

Should I make you all aiming targets?! All you fools… uh…

I don’t care anymore! Just watch and be amazed!

“Onii-chan, are you okay?” (Rinon)

Jeez, I am beginning to see Rinon as the sweetest girl here.

The distance is around a 100 meters huh.

I have finished locking on all the enemies. Lets begin with the bees.

“… Fu~”

I quietly let out the air in my lungs. And then, the first arrow. From the two Rubee-eye that were leading the group, one was brought down.

Following that, another one. Of course, the bee from just now had a hole in its abdomen and fell to the ground.

3, 4, 5…

I was smoothly locking them on and bringing them down.

From my back I could hear things like ‘No way’ or ‘What is going on?’, did you see that you bastards?

Do you understand now? When I use a bow I am pretty incredible you know?

I may have the worst face but in my department I can be considered the best.

8, 9…

With this one it’s the end, *tou.

The last ant’s head is pierced.

It has been 30 seconds.

The enemy was surprised by the first attack so they stopped their movements, by the time I began my moves it was already over.

I didn’t let a single one get close. I defeated them all with one hit! Don’t underestimate the super-strong long range class!

Umu, I am a bit rusty in my loading speed but my accuracy has no change. I haven’t been to Asora for a while so I haven’t been able to practice my bow, I am relieved now.

“… Incredible” (Rinon)

I thank you for your honest opinion Rinon. With this they should have changed their opinion of me. Umu umu.

[It’s as easy as this. Have you changed your way of seeing me?] (Makoto)

I say it to the bunch at the back. More like, I will show them all that this bow has no special traits to it.

“In-credible. Even though I only see it as a normal bow…”

That’s-why-I-am-saying it’s NOT the bow!

Just how much is their disbelief? Is being a level 1 such a deciding factor? Damn it.

[… This bow is a normal bow. By the way, the arrows are made by skilled artisans but there is no magic in them. I have been specialized in the bow since little] (Makoto)

Saying that, I give the bow and arrow to them. I did an incredible act and yet, for some reason, my heart feels dejected.

I order Mio and have us advance through the place where the corpses are.

Heh~ Its true, this one is different from the Red Bee, the eyes shine like gems. Rubee-eye, I understand now.

“This, the making was done well but, without doubt, there is no magic placed in them”

An alchemist young man checked my bow and said his conclusion. Of course, I forgot his name.

And to remember the name of a rude person, I will not remember them anymore. To not believe what they have seen with their own eyes.

“… Imposible”

An elf woman that uses a bow just as me, whispered lowly. Her name is on the lowest of my priorities.

“The strength, range, accuracy, I have never seen such a thing”

“Right” (Toa)

Toa shares the same opinion. They were thinking it was the tools performance all this time so this must be out of their expectations.

I am also a level 1 after all.

[Everyone, is it fine now? Lets collect the materials quickly and head to Tsige] (Makoto)

Going ahead, I move next to the Size Ant and cut off the sharp foreleg that looks like a sickle while I hurry the 4 people that were checking out the bow.

At these times, having writing to communicate is good. If I just write it in the place I want then I can transmit what I want, even in places where my voice can’t reach.

I am not used to calling people in a high voice.

The four people come hurriedly.

It must be because we have been together for several weeks, even though they are not in a party of any sort, they have formed a collective feel in them.

And after that, in the time we were arriving to Tsige.

The 4 people that were looking at me as if I were a different person, it felt a bit pleasant.

When Rinon saw through my feelings and said ‘Isn’t it great?’ I felt a bit embarrassed.

It has been three weeks since the destruction of the base. It has already been two weeks since we came ‘here’.

When the day was already at its zenith.

We finally arrived at Tsige. It was the first place that looked like a proper town since I came to this world.

—-

“What?! The ‘Zenno’ base has been destroyed?!”

Toa-san reports the details to the adventurer guild.

Of course, she didn’t report the whole truth about it.

I had 3 other adventurers inserted as well, make a good story and have their stories match.

I haven’t told Toa-san and Rinon about what I did. She must be thinking that her story matches that of other people.

Anyways, that town, no, that base had such a name like ‘Zenno’, it’s the first time I have heard of that.

The average level was over 100, for a town of hyumans that place was quite the place. If you think that those kind of people had disappeared in a moment, it’s actually an impressive occurrence.

Well, it was a place that ran in a dirty way.

These people as well, in the end, were sacrifices for those evil merchants or nobles (because of various reasons I wasn’t able to obtain the name of the one behind all)

That may be why but, it seems that the people here don’t have that much of an attachment to that place.

Rinon is also like that but… it seems that Toa-san had her own reasons.

She didn’t have any objections in leaving that place but it seems that she has some lingering feelings.

By the way, the story that was made was incredibly random.

Just a single thing. The big outbreak of mamonos.

Even though it wasn’t that strange of an occurrence given the place, I felt it sounded like a web-novel event.

And so, we ran away for our lives and arrived here.

Also the guild that my two followers had registered to, wasn’t able to relay the information of them to the other guilds so the information of Tomoe and Mio’s cards has disappeared.

I don’t know how they do it but how sloppy of them.

When I asked the details from the base that was near it, they said that the establishment of the base at the borders that shares the information, can’t leave the place so it’s normal for the information to travel slowly.

When I asked them where this establishment was, they said that it was in Tsige and that we could redo the registration of the two.

Because of the circumstances we had to go through 3 other bases but they were all village level, no, it gave me the impression of a campground.

I will call back Tomoe tonight, tomorrow I will have both of them do the registration again, and then I will go to the merchant guild.

Today I will look for an inn and check out the shops…

Wu wu, finally, finally I have arrived at a town! I have a lot of things I want to do!

The person in charge that was listening to the four people, nodded his head, told them to wait and then went inside.

He probably went to look for a higher up. It’s a pretty important issue after all, for a base to be gone.

Mio didn’t join in the conversation and was just standing beside me with Rinon. I don’t want another problem caused by my appearance.

Now that I think about it, just how high is the strongest level and rank in this place?

It’s a quite big and pretty well made building so it’s hard to look for it… Oh, there it is. There is no need for me to be there when they report so, I just go there for a second.

I direct my eyes to a side of the request board. From the people that are not so hurried I can tell that this is the place.

Let’s see, the number 1 here is…

Level 201, Rank S.

Fumu, as expected, it’s low. A starter is a starter and my followers are my followers after all. I don’t even know what the standard is anymore.

The quest are also pretty low in rank.

With how this is, the rank S are probably requested personally to an individual or a party.

Most of the ones left are A or B so the parties are mostly fighting over the D to B’s, maybe?

Anyways, the collecting quests that are rank A are a lot, impressive.

They must be absurdly tiresome, are they requesting to gather something like lost metals?

… Either way, I don’t like it. I don’t want to do it either.

But, I should ask which one is easier to go for the collecting types at the very least. I feel that I can ‘use’ that.

At ‘Zenno’, because of the evil schemes that Tomoe had and a lot of other circumstances I didn’t have the chance to do it. She told me that her individual mobilization is advancing somehow but we have to start for real now.

N? How unusual, there is an S rank left. I couldn’t reach it with my height so I jumped a bit and take the request.

Maybe I stood out a bit, the surroundings grew noisy. Well, there seemed to be no one taking it so there wasn’t any competition over it.

Lets see, what is it?

‘I ask of you! We need at least 1 Rubee-eye eye. To finish we need 6 of them. We will surely give you a large sum of money for them. Rembrandt Company’

Timely!

Moreover, a person from a company huh. This is good. I am lucky. What if I make personal connections from the get go?

Their name is Rembrandt Company so maybe it’s a pretty big business. It’s an S rank request so the reward must be quite high.

Umu, I should tell this to the other guys and have them give me all of the Rubee-eye eyes. I was the one who hunted them so there shouldn’t be any problems.

If it comes to it I can even take them by force. After all, even if they all come at me, Mio alone can mess them up, kukuku *evil smile*

“Onii-chan, you look a bit scary” (Rinon)

“Waka-sama, an evil plan-desu ka?” (Mio)

The scared Rinon and the ‘count me in’ Mio. The side of Rinon hurts me.

[That’s not it Rinon. I just found an interesting request] (Makoto)

“Hmph~, ah, Onee-chan and the others!” (Rinon)

The talk is over huh.

When I look, there is certainly 4 people coming here.

I glance at the rank table for a bit.

When I think about it, if it’s the top 10 then Toa and the dwarf girl can enter in it. So they can enter in the strong part even when they are like that. Umu…

Honestly, I can only think of them as a noisy bunch.

The person of the guild seems to not be here. It looks like it didn’t become a troublesome matter.

‘To explain the situation’ was a request that we got in the previous base. They showed the document to prove that, so this is practically a direct request from the guild.

They look quite happy about that.

“I am back, Rinon. You didn’t cause any troubles to the two of them right?” (Toa)

“I was behaving properly!”

The conversation of sisters~ how nice~ having a sister. I had too but, no, I can’t think about that.

Rinon was being a really good girl.

[Welcome back, did you finish the request properly?] (Makoto)

“Yeah, thanks to you. But are you okay with it? I think that the 2 of you could receive the reward for completing the request” (Toa)

I am grateful for the consideration of Toa-san but, if I said that ‘We have increased our rank while you weren’t here Tomoe, we took a request, and did our best’

I am sure it will become an annoying situation.

If I think about the situation and atmosphere until now, I feel that even if we don’t try so hard for it, we will be able to increase our rank.

[No no, our reputation as adventurers is too low so, this time I will give it to you guys] (Makoto)

I see! With this as trade condition, I can get the eyes!

“For all the things you have done for us, I am truly grateful”

What a proper young man.

“Experience, money, rank and materials, you have truly helped us out. I pray that Raidou-dono can have the blessing of the spirits”

The dwarf girl.

“Tell me where you learned to use the bow later”

The elf girl. That is impossible.

“Thanks to you, we have increased our level and rank. Its like a dream. Here here” (Toa)

Toa-san. Her caution is fading~

Lets see. Everyone is happily showing me their guild cards.

Toa-san is level 125, Rank A, Shadow Thief. What does Shadow Thief mean? What a dangerous name, there is no doubt I don’t want to get close to something like that.

The dwarf girl is, level 122, Rank B+, Priest Warrior (Earth). It must mean that she is a knight that can use earth spirits.

The proper young man is, level 114, Rank B+, Alchemy Meister. Can’t they just call it alchemist? It sounds like he can even ride a Gundam, oi.

The elf girl is, level 108, Rank A-, Bless Gunner. A gunner you say? She uses guns?! But you are holding a bow?! This world had guns?!

Certainly. Every one of them has leveled up.

The elf girl was not even level 100 after all, she leveled up quite a bit.

That means that, I, who has worked so hard, must have increased at least 30 levels, maybe?

[Our business here is over so let’s leave. Or, do you guys still have something to do here?] (Makoto)

“We don’t have any but, Mio-sama and Raidou-san must register”

All of them nod simultaneously. Impressive synchronization.

Why is it that you guys are looking forward to it?

[We plan on doing that when Tomoe reunites with us so, we are not going to do it today. Tomoe will sulk if we don’t do that] (Makoto)

“If its Tomoe-san, she would sulk. You are right” (Mio)

Mio also understands very well that point.

Even though she is taking separate conduct right now, she is the type that would mind if we don’t do the critical things together.

“Eh~? I wanted to see everyone surprised though~!” (Toa)

Toa-san, what an irresponsible thing to say.

[We are going to come here tomorrow so, if you are here tomorrow you will be able to see] (Makoto)

It’s sudden but we are in different lodgings, no, we are separating, that’s how this is.

I can’t carry them around all the time after all.

Because our objective is to have a pleasure trip around the various countries, or something like that.

Also, it seems that in this world you can’t make a party with other adventurers if there is a certain difference of level between them.

The system that the adventurers utilize to make big parties, it’s too unbalanced for us.

If I’m not mistaken…

“… You are right, until now we had to accompany you but, certainly, from now on our destinations are going to differ a lot”

“Raidou-dono, its hard to believe but if he is going to be walking the path of a company business then it will certainly be different”

“If the level difference is of 20 or more, it won’t be allowed”

It was 20 huh. Then Tomoe and Mio can’t form one either.

[Yeah, that’s why, lets eat something light for lunch and distribute the luggage of the carriage. After that we will be going our ways for now] (Makoto)

“For now?” (Toa)

Toa-san asks me back with a hint of expectation. I can’t answer that expectation though, I have some kind of feelings as well so, I am thinking about it too.

[If everyone is not in a hurry, we can go together for lunch and then do a farewell party. In commemoration for the success of your guild request] (Makoto)

“We are in!”

I thank you for your consent.

“Waka-sama. I don’t want something like last time-desu yo” (Mio)

Mio, I understand what you are trying to say. This time we will be going to a bar-like place to munch as much as we want.

Also, we have been eating preserved food and a lot of other things that had no flavor so.

[You are right, Mio. Everyone has come here in the past right?] (Makoto)

Each one of them nods. Then I will leave it to them.

[Then I will leave it to you guys, so please choose a place where we can eat a lot of food and drink at ease. I will be eagerly expecting it] (Makoto)

[Of course, a place that is fine for Rinon-chan to be] (Makoto)

I add words to what I said.

Then, the night has been decided so, for now its lunch. A place where we can lightly pick up and distribute, where we can converse huh. Umu, let’s have them do that as well.

[Then, let’s go] (Makoto)





Chapter 29 - Best night ’til now


[T-This is…] (Makoto)

My hands tremble from the emotion.

The time is somewhere around 19:00 at night. A time where one feels decently hungry.

Finishing the division without delay (training my eyes is one of my needless anxieties) I decide on the inn and walk around the town.

At that time I was looking at various stores with Mio and returned to the inn, we received a contact from the guild card that Toa-san had given us.

When I press a part that was flickering while concentrating my will on it, a message begins to write in the air.

So my way of communicating with writing was already a practice around the world huh. How frightening are coincidences.

This is continuing to head on the fantasy route.

Tomoe has not returned yet.

For the party of tonight it’s better if she is not present so it’s convenient for me.

We quickly confirm the location of the establishment and both of us leave the inn.

Though, we can’t underestimate those guild cards.

This has quite a few functions equipped for people that are related to the guild.

For example, if there is a situation where the guild is keeping in custody of your money, even if you don’t take it you can still use the card to purchase stuff. This is quite the debit card.

Also, you can send a message with a limited distance to someone who is in a town with a guild. A wireless communication device, in a world with magic and swords!

That you are able to communicate with voice or writing is pretty impressive.

The other thing that surprised me was, the illustrated reference function.

All kinds of mamono and materials, from minerals to medicinal plants, it had quite the amount registered and you are able to look up the information you want.

Everyone, this function can be obtained for a paltry registration fee! You should learn from this, cellphone companies!

That there isn’t a fixed charge for this kind of service… It has an annual cost of sorts but it’s cheap so it’s like there isn’t. This is too great.

The next time I go to the guild, I have to ask about the functions in more detail.

This is something I heard when Toa-san asked me to contact her, there seems to be a premium service that costs more.

Moreover, it will gain more functions as you level up in ranks!

With this I want to increase my rank even more!!

No good no good, I was absorbed in my delusions.

The cellphone was something that I was pretty attached to so I got a bit happy.

Well, with this and that happening, Toa-san lent us her own guild card with no frugality, so we were able to meet with them without getting lost.

It’s something important after all, I have to thank her.

She felt a bit insecure but.

I think I wouldn’t be able to lend my cellphone to someone else.

With Mio accompanying me, we walk a street where I could feel an especially good scent from both sides.

It was the scent of food or more like, the scent of cooking.

The girl beside me was exposing her inquisitiveness, she was happily following me while distracted by the food in the surroundings.

From a point that was drifting an aroma, we found a signboard that had a bone from a beast and the words ‘Butcher’ written on it. This place is the meeting point.

The name was so straightforward that it gave me a good impression.

And when I enter the establishment I found the group.

Did they take a bath and prepare themselves?

They were all wearing simple attires and had no adventurer equipment.

… Ku~ every single one of them has good sense?!

Or is it that? Beautiful people look good in anything they wear? So extremely unfair!

I should have changed as well. Now that I think about it, I don’t have clothes specifically for town or hunting.

Should I check them out while I’m in this town? In the future I might have to attend evening parties or business related stuff so it might be a necessity.

I want some impressions in the clothes at the very least.

I have the ultimate move with me so it shouldn’t be a problem. I call it, ‘leave it all to the clerk’.

Anyways, I don’t even know the fashion sense in this world! That everything they wear looks cool when they wear it must be because there is a beauty correction in my eyes.

Seeing the food and drinks lined up already, I walked to that point with unsteady feet.

At that place, I saw ‘that thing’ that I have only seen in dreams. From the name of the establishment I had some expectations but… to think they really had it!

I return to reality.

What was in my hands…

That was!

Manga meat!

What men yearn for!

No, what all mankind yearns for!

“Ooh! Glorious!” (Makoto)

I couldn’t stay without shouting it. What a miracle. I am glad I came to this world! <TN: Luffy approves>“Raidou-san, you love this so much?”

She didn’t understand the meaning of my words, but it seems she was able to guess the reason of my happiness.

The good willed and positive Toa-san, seeing my excessive happiness, began to draw back. But I can’t restraint this excitement.

[In my country, this is a really admired food] (Makoto)

I wrote this words as if squeezing them out.

[Ah yeah, thanks for the guild card] (Makoto)

“Ah, thanks. Heh~ so this is? On these parts, it’s a really normal food though” (Toa)

She is looking in wonder. The other people are as well.

More like, I don’t get the impression that elfs eat that much meat though. And the dwarf girl doesn’t have religious issues with it?

But, they eat it normally? In other words, in this place I can eat manga meat regularly!

Splendid. No, I haven’t eaten any though. If this tastes terrible I will go wild.

[Well, I am happy about that. I feel like this night will be fun] (Makoto)

Leaving the meat aside for now, we find the seats that were opened for us, at that place…

The two vacant seats were lined up. At the outside part was Rinon and the Elf girl. The side of Rinon looks pretty comfortable.

… Someday I want to find, not a friend that looks comfortable, but a friend that I can think is comfortable.

I sit at that place.

“Then, now that the two are here, let’s begin!”

“Oh~!”

“You are right”

“… I am in, so hungry”

“Rinon’s stomach is already growling” (Rinon)

The way of talking of Rinon reminded me of a certain small elf.

“Then, for arriving to Tsige and our meeting with Raidou-san and Mio-sama, kanpai*!” (Toa) <TN: cheers>

“Kanpai!”

And so, the party started.

Of course, I had meat. The drinks was a sake that gave me the impression of beer. Was it called Ale?

Well, it was a fine alcohol to wet my throat.

At what age can one drink in this world? The country is different and the race is different as well so I don’t know what I should take as reference.

In other words, it means that you are free to do what you want? Yeah, that’s how I will interpret it.

I bring the emotional meat into my mouth.

*Chomp

This is… delicious! Delicious! Deliciooooussss~!

Wow, to think that the looks and the taste are both legend class. With this, I have to go ‘No thank you’ to the knife and fork. I will never use those ever!

No good, I am so moved that tears are…

“Raidou-san, are you crying?!”

Proper young man, these emotions cannot be comprehended by anyone in this world.

These tears are something only I can comprehend.

[As I said before, in my country, this food is a dream in itself. By the way, this is the first time in my life I have eaten this. I was so moved that I unintentionally… I am sorry about this] (Makoto)

I drain the sake that looks like beer. Ooh, its spreading in my body!

And after that I once again equip the meat in both of my hands. And eat!

[Mio, order another serving of this please] (Makoto)

Writing that order to Mio, I continue to eat. And eat.

“What an incredible way of eating”

“You like it to the point of tears huh”

“… so cheap”

“I understand ordering more but, I want to eat that too so at least leave some for me too?!” (Mio)

How stupid, you are ordering more so there shouldn’t be any problems. And there are big plates of salad, meat, sea food and a lot of other things here aren’t there?

In some of those I could see things that are in the ranks of ‘I want to try eating this~!’ from anime and mangas!

Ah~, I am in bliss right now.

“Hahawa! His way of eating is something I don’t see even in dwarfs, I am amazed! Today I will be eating too! Let me treat you all this meal!”

Dwarf girl, are you intending on paying the bill by yourself? I was thinking of paying it all though.

“I will not be leaving that to you, in this situation, let’s see, let’s divide it with the four of us. Taking into account the gratitude we have for Mio-sama and the others”

“You are right, that sounds good! Okay, let’s drink, let’s eat!”

How lively, dwarf girl.

Mumu, I feel gazes?

Mio, no, this one is from the elf girl huh.

Mio is stuffing her cheeks with the meat I ate and having a blissful face. And she has suddenly drunk 3 cups already. Her plates have various types of food, she must have liked it. That’s a good thing.

Anyways, were my manners bad in the eyes of the elf girl? However, to eat manga meat with a knife and fork is practically blasphemy.

[Is there something wrong?] (Makoto)

Without showing any signs of decelerating my eating, I ask the elf girl.

I thought this before but, writing is unexpectedly convenient! As long as the person can read the words, this is good!

This thin meat on top of salad is also delicious~! The other thing that looks like grinded hamburger is delicious as well~! The vegetable stick that serves as mouth rinsing is also delicious~! This looks like a lemon Chinese cabbage, this is a critical for me! The sweet and sour is balanced to perfection!

I haven’t seen the fried stuff before but I don’t care about that, its delicious~ I am happy.

“… You are a mysterious person”

[Hah~]

“Even though you are a merchant, you look like an adventurer and yet you are not attached to money. Even though you are a level 1 you are stronger than us, probably”

“You must have been raised in a strange environment”

It seemed to be a place where the gravity was more than 10 times higher after all. I wasn’t aware of that though!

“You have power and money and yet I can’t feel greediness or tenacity. I feel like you are really fluffy, like a cloud… or something like that?”

[Aren’t you being a bit harsh?] (Makoto)

Is she, praising me? But she wasn’t even treating me as a human! She even called me ‘something’ at the end!

“Sorry. You are not ‘something’, you don’t feel like a hyuman. By the way, you don’t feel like a living being either”

She apologized and her correction was even harsher than before. This is a world where I can’t read the results, oi.

When I look, the dwarf girl is forcing the proper young man to drink sake. For now, Toa is distributing the food with Rinon while eating. Rinon is learning from that. She was not drinking sake but juice.

From what I can see, she is 10 years, as expected sake is bad. If her environment is like this when she is so young, no matter if she takes an interest or not, in a not far future the chance for her to drink will come.

“Moreover, that bow. What is that?”

[What do you mean by ‘what’?] (Makoto)

“It was a technique I have never seen before. Especially the first movements before taking your stance, the repose state after that was way too abnormal”

Ah~ that was my own preparation movements or more like, archer-like manner. For a battle related military art it would be impossible.

[That was my own way of concentrating] (Makoto)

“Concentrating? You would be attacked before you do something like that”

What should I say? There is no way she would understand the way of thinking of martial arts. The elfs are people of the forest right? I feel like their standing is different though.

But the me right now was drowned in the taste of food and sake, my mouth was loose.

[The thing that I learned first is called Japanese archery*, it’s a specialized art that teaches about the use of the bow and the enhancement of your own body] (Makoto) <TN: Kyuudou = Japanese Archery>

“Japanese archery?”

[That’s right. It wasn’t made for actual combat, it’s more like a way of learning. Prepare the bow and shoot the target. There was a kind of etiquette mixed in it as well] (Makoto)

“I don’t understand the meaning”

[I suppose so. It’s a specialized thing. If you delve deeper into it, more than a technique, it’s an art that has the objective of strengthening your mind. My first movements are a learning from that] (Makoto)

“That gives birth to such strength and accuracy?”

[It’s not all of it but, yeah] (Makoto)

“Japanese archery… an unknown thing. But it was amazing”

The elf girl was only centered on salad, even with that she was properly eating meat. I was relieved that she was omnivorous.

She seems to be pretty interested in the topic of the bow. Our relationship was so thin that I didn’t notice it.

I drink sake while pondering. I don’t know how many I have drunk already, it had a deep red color. Was the beer like this when we were toasting?

What I was drinking must be something like wine. Probably. I will try asking for other types of alcohols later on. I want to try a lot of things, taking care that I don’t fall down from it!

“Raidou-san”

Oh.

When I turn to the side that called me, the young proper man stood up and came to my side. It’s a round table so there is no need to come over.

[What is it?] (Makoto)

“What will Raidou-san do with the eyes of the Rubee-eye?! You don’t need them right?! Or will you use it as ingredients for medicine?!”

He looks thoroughly drunk. I saw the dwarf girl making him drink quite a lot. Are dwarfs big drinkers just like their image?

[No, I found a request in the guild so I thought of using it for that] (Makoto)

“What! Such a waste!”

[No no, the one requesting it is a person from a company. I was thinking that this would become a good chance to make connections. I hope you can yield on this] (Makoto)

“Hoho~ connections huh! Certainly, it’s necessary for a business. There is a person here that not only has no referrals, he also doesn’t know the efficacy of the medicine and only looks at his feet after all!”

Ah, I see. This person knows alchemy. He makes medicines and he gets revenue from them.

It has a different image from a magic user. It’s more like, a witch of the forest?

[I’m sorry, for taking such an important thing] (Makoto)

“No no no! Rather, it is to the point that we are taking too much! It’s a matter of course!”

I have only taken one of each kind from the other things and gave all of the remaining things to them after all. More like, their reaction that they would receive even more was kind of amusing.

The face of them after I gave them all the things aside from the excluded ones, it was to the level that I even wanted to record it. Everyone’s mouth was wide open and their eyes were popping out.

[To renew your journey you may need a lot of things so it may not be enough but…] (Makoto)

“It’s enough! It’s an unbelievable blessing that can even make me fly in the skies! The inns were also at one rank higher than normal!”

This person exaggerates so much. I thought he was the herbivorous type but when he is drunk his behavior changes completely. His way of talking about the inn’s rank sounded so much like a commoner that it brought a smile to my face.

[I’m glad, I was worried about it] (Makoto)

“You shouldn’t mind it at all! Wa wa wa wa, we will be at the guild tomorrow so, let’s surprise everyone together~!!”

The young man returns. At the place he sat, he toasts once more by himself and begins to drink again. What a lively person.

“Oh~! Are you drinking?! You are drinking! Now now now, drink more! Eat more!”

Now it’s the dwarf girl huh.

This person makes me cheerful. It can be said that she feels like an old man. It’s an alcohol drinking that is filled with health and is cheerful and fun.

It’s not a way of drinking that makes you popular but it’s fun. It’s a way that looks good for me.

Moreover, it seems that she is more of a beer person. From the beginning all she has been drinking has been a gold liquid with foam.

Even now she is gulping down the alcohol with her right hand while her left hand is holding 2 cups more.

Is she thinking of drinking it or making someone drink it?

No matter which one it is, it was scary that her atmosphere made any of those valid.

[Of course I am having fun] (Makoto)

“That’s good! Alcohol is the reward of life, if you don’t enjoy it then it would be a profanity to life itself after all!”

You would say as much as that? She is denying all non-drinkers. However, when this person says it, it makes me feel like ‘it may be~’ and that troubles me.

“By the way…”

The dwarf girl-san suddenly looks at me with a belligerent gaze. Close, your face is too close.

Moreover, she stinks of alcohol! Just how much did she drink?!

Even if I call her a dwarf, she doesn’t have a beard and you are enough cute so I would like it if you learnt a bit of prudence! More like, you are a splendid loli girl!

[What is it?] (Makoto)

“The fight this afternoon, your skill on the bow was brilliant!”

[Thanks] (Makoto)

“However, that power. That wasn’t something that could be done with just technique or the specs of the weapon”

[You are trying to say?] (Makoto)

“Raidou-dono, in reality, you have an incredible physical strength don’t you?!”

She said it as if challenging me. The dwarf girl seemed to be having fun while saying that.

She wasn’t wrong. It’s exactly as she said. Since the time I came to this world, there is no enemy that my hits have no effect on.

[At that degree is just…] (Makoto)

“Do you call such a thing ’that degree’?! Wawawawa, yeah, I am now interested! Have a contest with me!”

Saying that, she cleaned everything that was in front of us with her hands.

What is she thinking of doing?

Before I could think that, the girl already had her elbow on the table, and she thrust out her dominant arm on me.

This is, arm wrestling? Is it?

“Come now~!”

Well, this is no mistake right? Let’s keep her company, it looks fun after all!

[I am in!] (Makoto)

Writing that, I stand up and grab her hand.

At some point in time Rinon was taking refuge on the laps of Toa-san. What a smart girl.

“What a happy thing, that you know the tradition of us dwarfs when we want to compete in power”

I-Is arm wrestling such a tradition?! The dwarf girl that was smiling inappropriately seemed to be really having fun.

“Then, Rinon-dono, can I ask you to say the word ‘Begin’?”

“Okay! Then, here I go~… Begin!!” (Rinon)

In a second, the dwarf girl put all her strength at once in order to bring my arm down.

But, I wasn’t perturbed at all, and I didn’t move. Because it was powerless after all.

Her body power is impressive. Her muscles are showing her veins, she was being desperate but I could tell that it was a pretty cheat like disposition.

“Nuooo! Unbelievableeee!”

[Hmph!] (Makoto)

I gently place power in my left hand.

“Fuoooo~?! No wa!!”

With the elbow as a fulcrum, the dwarf girl was toppled over.

“Onii-chan wins! Impressive~~!” (Rinon)

I received a *clap*clap applause. I was a bit happy that the eyes of Rinon turned a perfect circle.

“How unbelievable, this is the first time in my life that I have lost in such a way. Its my complete defeat, the world outside is wide!”

The dwarf girl gets up while rubbing her right hand and yet, she had a wide smile on her face and began drinking again. This time it wasn’t the proper young man but the elf girl that got caught up with her.

The waiter that was cleaning up the plates that Mio had eaten, was unable to catch up with her speed, in my area I could see plates beginning to pile up to the sky.

Well, I have also eaten quite a lot so I can’t say much about others.

Without any choice, I went and sat in the seat that Rinon was using before.

At the front of this seat there were various pieces of cut steak. And also some kind of carapace that has been boiled.

Both of those were pretty good. The steak, aside from their appearance, were easy to eat and the meat juice was delicious.

The carapace one had a strong sweet taste that felt like crab. When in contact, it was soft, it wasn’t puffy but it was quite good.

“I am happy, it looks like you are having fun. I didn’t ask about what you liked so I was a bit uneasy” (Toa)

“Everything is delicious right? Onii-chan!” (Rinon)

It’s just as Rinon says, there wasn’t a single dish that was bad. I think it was like a miracle. The taste was a bit thin but it was so good that I didn’t mind it.

They must be using the salt and herbs skillfully to prepare them.

[It’s delicious, incredibly. Mio and I have been impressed] (Makoto)

I said my impression exactly as my heart dictated. I honestly thought that the choice of her was the best.

“The hometown of Raidou-san has pretty different meal customs right?” (Toa)

[It seems so. The flavor here is a bit on the light side in this parts but every one of them is really delicious] (Makoto)

“Light huh, this establishment is famous for having deep flavor food and alcohol to drink though” (Toa)

[Oh, is that so. Then it’s just that my hometown has a deeper flavor then. It is truly delicious] (Makoto)

“Raidou-san, for a while now you have only been saying delicious. Tomorrow in the morning you will be going to the guild at once?” (Toa)

Toa-san looks like she is having fun but her face was telling me that she had another objective in mind.

Maybe it has something to do with her lingering attachment?

[Depending on the regrouping of Tomoe tomorrow, we will register in the guild and after that I will go to the merchant guild and do some sightseeing maybe] (Makoto)

“Ara, sightseeing you say” (Toa)

[Yeah, this is my first time in this town so. I like travelling] (Makoto)

“Ufufufu, somehow, Raidou-san said something that sounded like a noble. Just how much of a big company heir are you?” (Toa)

[Sorry for being unbeknownst to the outside world*] (Makoto) <TN: country bumpkin>

“Nah~ then tomorrow at night, is it okay to intrude at your lodging once? With the intentions of knowing the contact information of Mio-sama as well” (Toa)

Now that I think about it, the time when we were receiving the eyes of the Rubee-eye, the four of them asked the contact information of Mio.

I didn’t understand what they were trying to say but, when I asked in detail about it, it was what you used when you wanted to contact someone using the guild card, an address of some sort.

In short, it was like a ‘please exchange mail addresses with me’ kind of way.

I didn’t mind it so I said okay. Tomorrow night huh. If so, should I give them Tomoe, Mio and mine’s?

[Yeah, I don’t mind. Tomorrow night right?] (Makoto)

My schedule for tomorrow is filled.

Go to the adventurer guild with Tomoe and Mio, after that, go to the merchant guild and introduce my company, a rough map of the world, and then buy a map of the surroundings.

Anyways.

Tonight was a truly fun night.

As if celebrating the deep emotions inside my heart.

The party continued until late at night.

The price was 1 gold coin.

We ate and drank so much and it was only that much. It was truly cheap. The best!

Tsige.

It was the most flourishing place in the borders of the world.

Changing the way of saying it, I have finally reached the entrance of the hyuman territory.

My traverse in this wasteland has finally ended here, I can finally take a breather in the wandering of this other world.

It took… a long time.

And it was delicious! Fun!

It was like telling me ‘well, in the end you should have some fun’ that kind of service.





Chapter 30 - Gossip about the hero of Limia


The Imperial City is filled with liveliness.



The Kingdom of Limia is the northern extremities’ potency of the hyumans, it’s the major power that is considered the last line of defense.

By the way, at the east vicinity there is also a major power, the Gritonia Empire. It’s also a line of defense and both of them work in a joint relationship. In reality, both of them were able to stop the advance of the demon race so, the weight of their words with other countries is also incredibly strong. But it’s strange for the kingdom to be so lively like it is right now.

There was a reason for that. It was a festival called the ‘Revelation of the Goddess’ and is an event that woke up the whole populace.

In these 10 years, just how many times they prayed to the goddess and had been ignored.

In the face of the unprecedented large advance of the demon race, the hyumans that were unable to obtain the blessing of the goddess, received a truly crushing defeat. One of the large countries that was considered as part of the five major powers was destroyed, and the territory of the continent changed greatly. The demon race that lived in the cruel icy fields at the northern extremities, now has a harbor, possesses a plentiful land and has become a big country.

There was no way the small and medium countries could pose any challenge to them when one of the major powers was easily swallowed. A number of demi-human countries perished as well.

The continent that was considered the paradise of the hyumans in the past is now slowly changing with the growth of the symbol of the demon race.

The people that were looking at this situation, thinking that the Goddess had abandoned them, had finally received an oracle. It wasn’t strange for the state to do a festival and cause an uproar.

In the streets there were gossips that were saying that the Goddess had brought a hero to destroy the demons, it became a pretty exaggerated thing.

But the real oracle’s content was not that kind of exaggerated thing.

“I will give you a hero. Attack the demon race”

That was it. Anyways, they had to question the disposition of the girl with the Goddess. It wasn’t like she was a brat placing a slip memo. This kind of explanation was an oracle that could be interpreted freely, it was to the point that it troubled the one that received the oracle.

This oracle. The ones who were given the responsibility of receiving the hero, their messiah, was Limia. From the 3 persons that came from the other world, the one that has received the best treatment was the hero of Limia.

Changing the place from the noisy area near the castle to the temple. Since it was destroyed by the demon race, the religious country Elision is no more but, there was a Goddess temple that was used to carry out rituals the whole year.

That place that was included in one part of the castle, a golden light suddenly appeared, overflowed, and exploded. The lights that were spread out, scattered the offerings and in the place that was blown off, a single girl was standing there. A hair that was so black that it felt like it could engulf the light just seconds ago, her age seemed to be around 15 years. Her height was 170 centimeters and her face had a proper style.

The priest was very troubled by the sudden appearance of the girl.

She was a suspicious person but, the golden light is the color of the Goddess. That she was clad in that light was the reason of his bewilderment.

There, the cry of a crane rang out.

It was the voice of the Goddess that hasn’t been heard in 10 years.

“She is a hero. Treat her well”

The priests shouted in joy. There were old aged priests that went from Elision to Limia and they have heard the voice of her before, so they didn’t hear wrong.

The Goddess has returned. Moreover, she has send us a hero!

Is what they said.

The hero that was on the altar, Otonashi Hibiki, reacted to the surroundings around her with a bitter smile. The bewildered people and the offering and food that were blown off because of her arrival, there was no other reaction she could do.

In the beginning, she thought that she was in a dream that was shown after going to sleep.

In the strange sparkly golden space, she was told by an incredibly beautiful blond woman the details of the situation so she understands the circumstances to a certain extent.

‘The world that I am in charge of is being raided by the ‘wicked’ demon race. I will give you as much power as I can so please, lend me your help’. If it’s a person of ‘that’ world it was possible to travel to another world, moreover it had to be a lady that would have the same wavelength as the Goddess.

In short, she begged to an unnatural level.

On top of mixing quite a bit of lies, she didn’t touch the reason of the raids a single time. The part about being ‘wicked’ was a total falsehood.

Thinking about the friends in her original world, she refused once.

With the Goddess being pretty persistent about it, the girl thought ‘Ah~ this is not a dream’. And so, the girl began to consider.

If she can ‘really’ go to another world, it would be one of the wishes the girl had.

The Goddess enhanced her physical strength and gave her strong magic power, on top of that she gave her the charisma to attract other people and conferred her a sacred treasure.

The girl had lost interest in her world. She didn’t have any lingering feelings for her previous life.

The household she was born into was rich and she was blessed with good looks, moreover she was good at both studying and exercising.

She did put effort in it but the girl was in the winners’ side. Moreover, she was able to enter in any type of society and by the time she noticed it she was practically at the top of the winners.

Even inside her own family.

Even at primary school. At middle school. And there was no change in the high school she was attending to.

She was beautiful and her smarts were at the nation-wide level, fighting for the top spot. In physic she is at the kendo club and is in the country-wide section, she also assists in other matches and becomes a power. She also became the unanimous school president.

Kind, caring and has a good reputation.

It must be because she was able to do anything. She doesn’t remember a time where she has been in problems with anyone else.

Therefore. She had a hell lot of friends but, she didn’t have a single true friend. At least one that she could think of that way.

There was one student that was in the same school that she thought was interesting but it wasn’t to the point that she could call that student a true friend. No, there won’t be a chance for that anymore.

Because she was so fulfilled, she didn’t have that much attachment to reality, to the world.

So when she was told about being a hero, she was slightly attracted.

One who overcomes difficulties and accomplishes a goal. To have a goal is nice.

There was no need for the Goddess to add a function in her body that would make it impossible to get fat even if she ate too much, the answer of the girl was already decided.

It was most likely one of the triggers though. Having received the freedom to eat anything without minding about it, the girl gave the Goddess an affirmative response. And that’s how we are in the current situation.

“Oh, Hero-sama. Will you please tell us your name?”

Lined up, one priest that is probably the highest in rank stands in the front.

“Hibiki. My name is Otonashi Hibiki” (Hibiki)

The whispers of people. The ripple that seemed to chew through was beginning to spread.

On the other hand, Hibiki was relieved. The Goddess did say that she shouldn’t worry about the language after all.

As expected, when people from a foreign country that have different color of hair and eyes stand in front of you, one would feel uneasy the moment you try to exchange words.

It seemed to be a needless anxiety. She also felt that the meaning of her words was properly delivered.

“Hibiki-sama. What a nice name”

“So, where is this? Your name?” (Hibiki)

“This is… please forgive my rudeness. This place is the castle in Limia. My name is priest Henry Luminas Ira Potaga Elision”

“W-What a long name huh” (Hibiki)

Hibiki said those words without thinking. Not only did they have their own family name, they also had their place of origin and the previous family name of both parents.

“Then call me Harry please”

It became one word.

“Hibiki-sama has descended to this lands as a hero. Its fine to take it like this right?”

The priest that had shortened his name for Hibiki, asked her.

She thought ‘That’s right, I have been called by the Goddess to fight’.

“… Yeah, the Goddess asked me to exterminate the demon race” (Hibiki)

They made a simple ‘Oh~’ at that.

There were some that were surprised by the tone of Hibiki that was like she was on equal standings with the Goddess.

“Is Hibiki-sama a Goddess of war?”

He respectfully called her. It was because even if she was called a hero, to be a human being or a God would change the way of treatment after all.

“No, I am only a human. I have received a number of blessings and tools from the Goddess though” (Hibiki)

She shows them her silver band. This can repel darkness, moreover she was told that it had the effect of increasing the magic power.

A person said that it was a sacred treasure and then lowered his head back. It was certainly more appropriate to receive a sacred treasure instead of a magic item from a God.

“A human… it’s what the ancestors of us hyumans are called. I see, you do have resemblances. No, your appearance is like mirror image”

“A hyuman you say? From what I see, you look the same though” (Hibiki)

“However, the inside is different. We are not existences that can have that much amount of magic power inside after all”

Hearing the words of the priest, Hibiki lifts her eyebrows. ‘Did they do an inspection of me at some point? If they did so then it makes me feel uncomfortable’

But the sharp sighted priest was able to read her expression and flustered, he waved his hands horizontally.

“We haven’t done anything. The great you exudes such a mighty magic power so”

That he knew was just by chance. Is what he was trying to say.

That the magic power that was lend to her was something that would make others prostrate like this made her feel bad. But the girl felt that it would be troublesome if it was naturally leaking out.

If the enemy knows her power from the beginning, they will be able to read it to some level and the hands she will be able to play will lessen.

She silently decided to learn a way to hide her own magic power. The magic power was something that she originally didn’t have, she might have a bit of difficulty learning how to handle it.

Difficulty, even if she thought that, it brought a smile to her face partly because of her personality.

“Well, that is fine. So, what should I do? Is it fine for me to be here?” (Hibiki)

With a face of forgiveness rising in her face, Hibiki spoke with the priest.

In the surroundings, a feel of relief was born. For a conduct that she has done herself to affect so much the other people was something that didn’t happen often. The girl thought that this was a bit fun.

“Ah, no! I am sorry for the suddenness but I would want you to meet the king, I will soon obtain the permission for an audience so”

“Is it something that will let me meet the king so suddenly?” (Hibiki)

“Lady is a hero-sama after all. A special existence after all!”

Hibiki felt her own lips loosening.

She wasn’t someone that indulged herself that much in games but.

She felt that she somehow understood the feelings of the people that like RPGs.

That you are special. And from now on you will experience a special and unique adventure.

That beginning was an exalting and comfortable feeling that was hard to obtain.

“Ara, now that you mention it” (Hibiki)

Hibiki that was being led by the priests and was walking in the interiors of the luxurious castle, suddenly stopped her feet.

It wasn’t that she was fascinated by the ornaments of the castle.

“Is there something?”

“Yeah, aside from me there is one more, there is supposed to be one more hero though, where is ‘he’* right now?” (Hibiki) <TN: he = gender neutral>

*Zawa*Zawa <TN: sounds of commotion>

“You say there is one more?”

“Yeah, the Goddess said that she had send one more before me” (Hibiki)

Those words stirred the surroundings.

It was not a comfortable commotion at all.

“One more, then can the talk about the empire obtaining a hero be true?!”

“There is no way the Goddess dispatched a hero to a country like that before us!”

“Why didn’t she grant both of them to our country?”

Bla Bla.

‘It seems that the other hero has been sent to a country that is not that friendly with this one’ is what Hibiki thought.

If the objective is the same then there will be a chance to meet, is what she thought but she didn’t care at all about that time.

“I see, it seems that he isn’t here. What we are going to do is the same so I don’t mind though” (Hibiki)

“… You are right. How reliable”

With a look that seemed to have a hidden meaning, he didn’t speak anymore after that.

With audience as the reason, the girl was let in.

“Lady, are you the hero-dono?”

(The scene is exactly as I imagined it)

In a wide space there is a red carpet, at the front there are stairs and at the top two thrones.

A middle-aged man and a young woman were sitting on them. They were probably the king and princess. It may even be the king and the queen. She decided not to mind about the difference in age.

“Yeah, I am Hibiki Otonashi. I don’t know the propriety in this world so please pardon my rudeness. Is it okay to call you King-sama?” (Hibiki)

The reply of the girl that informed about the courtesy first to the king. There was no bashfulness in it. It was as if she was talking to a person of equal standing and she was looking at them in the eye.

There wasn’t a single retainer that called this out as rude.

“Of course, I have heard from the Goddess-sama that you have been summoned from another world after all. I don’t mind it. But, fumu. You are certainly a hero. From the magic power that is enveloping your body, there is no questioning about it. I am the king of this country, Nhornir. Because it’s too long, it’s fine if Otonashi-dono just remembers me by this name” (Nhornir)

“I thank you for your consideration. I myself don’t understand that well about magic power but, that the Goddess has sent me here must mean that I will be fighting the beings called demon race in this country. Is that right?” (Hibiku)

“… You are right, I didn’t think a lady like you would be a hero but, the war with the demon race, it may be skirmishes right now but the ones carrying the defense line are us. In time it will come. But right now you have to learn about the world first” (Nhornir)

(In time? They must have some flexibility. It’s a lot better than not having a single room for flexibility though)

Nevertheless, Hibiki had been interested in the eyes that the surrounding had.

It wasn’t in the area of inquisitiveness. They had admiration or like trance. It wasn’t that comfortable.

By the way, the reaction of the girl’s beauty and of being a hero, the reaction directed to her mysterious black hair and eyes that carried the same color were what affected those gazes but the girl didn’t have that much self-awareness of this.

Anyways, the girl that wanted to get out of this place, her method was…

“I am truly happy by that proposal. I don’t know anything about this world so I am thinking about being taught one step at a time. To face the situation I want to know how much is my power so I would want to ask for a bout with someone though…” (Hibiki)

To migrate to a place where she could move.

With this proposal, the gazes that were directed at her gained strength all at once. In a good direction. Maybe it was the effects of the charisma that was given to her.

(I don’t mind that I have a lot of magic power but, for now, I want to grasp my own physical strength. They may not have katanas but thinking about the footwork of kendo it can be possible to use a sword)

She was thinking about what weapon she should be using and so, this was the beginning of the life of hero Hibiki.

~ Knight (?) ~

The girl that was called hero, in my eyes I saw her as if light was dancing around her body.

A face that was filled with confidence, proper standing figure, it was a majesty that I can only think of as equal to that of the king. Receiving the light, her glossy jet black hair was shining.

Her through words that carried her will and those gestures, even if she didn’t know about etiquette I couldn’t see it as rude. My heart was robed with a single glance of her.

The king must be thinking about the treatment a girl like her should receive in the battlefield but, most likely, there shouldn’t be any worries about that.

If she learns the combat skills and how to utilize her magic power, there is no doubt that she will become stronger than any of us. She will certainly be the ace that will allow us to take the enemy commander’s head.

The first thing that the girl asked of the king was, shockingly, to fight. She said that she wanted one of us knights to have a bout with her!

Being a girl she was different from the nobles and magic users from around, she had a simple and vigorous heart!

Far from having my heart robed, this was… one step higher than admiration. If I were able to live by the side of this lady, just how much would my life shine?

I want her. This has been the first time in my life I have thought like this.

But my surprise didn’t stop there. The existence that had been selected as a hero by the Goddess was an overwhelming thing.

Without selecting someone as lowly as me, the captain chose the knights that were superior in ability and the result of them fighting her was, her complete victory. Not being able to follow her body movements and on top of that, her sword skills were fast. I thought it was a bit too honest of a sword technique but her strength seemed to be high and a large part of the men were being send flying as if only natural.

Finally, the captain himself went to have a bout with her. Everyone in the surroundings was looking at the girl. No surprise. A slender girl was smashing the knights as if dancing. Right now she was fighting on equal footing with the strongest chief of the knights unit.

Moreover, the magic power that was overflowing from her body was not normal. To think that she has such skill while carrying such an amount of magic power. Are heroes such kind of existences?

… They are on a whole different league.

Kiiiiii~~!!

A high-pitched sound resounded in the training field.

When I look, I could see the sword of the hero broken in the middle. This is, the win of captain huh.

No! The sword of captain was sent flying into the sky. The captain was sweating violently and his hands were trembling slightly.

The hero, with a face that didn’t have a single drop of sweat, looked at the sword while pondering.

No way, are you telling me she can already use the sword up to this point? Is this lady a War Goddess?!

Her distressed face also had a different color to it and was beautiful, aside from me, there were a lot of other young knights that were charmed by it.

In time, the sword of captain pierced the ground of the training field, it was the time when we thought that our chief had his head taken.

As if the girl was able to control those movements, she herself threw away the sword.

“I thank you deeply, people of the knight unit. The combat sword techniques are incredible things right? I was filled with admiration. I ask you to teach me again in the future” (Hibiki)

Saying that, she presented her hand. Captain takes that hand and exchanges a handshake. She must have said that taking into consideration the pride of captain.

The cheers that occurred. Tch, damn captain, its fine if you die. Oh, no good, the voice of my heart.

When the hero picks up the broken sword and gives it back to captain, the king and the priests were for some reason prompting something. Will it be performed already?

As knights, we had no choice but to see them off in this training field. As long as I am a knight I have to abide to those orders.

Suddenly.

The hero that I was looking at, turned this way. The black eyes that felt as if they would swallow me, with a kindness filled color, she smiled.

Ah~ I am done for.

I already exist only for her. That’s what I decided. I will definitely obtain her!

I will swear by my name. By the name of the first prince of Limia Kingdom, Beruda Nosto Limia.





Chapter 31 - Gossip about the hero of Gritonia


The one who got caught in the web, a person with golden hair that reached his back wearing snow white clothes.



Before the eyes of the man that couldn’t understand the situation, was a woman. From all the existences that he has seen, she was the most charming and beautiful.

Especially those clear emerald green eyes that were shrouded in mystery, when he looked at them he felt as if his sense of reality dispersed, to the point that he felt great joy that this woman took interest in him.

And he felt at the same time a holiness that should never be soiled.

Even though she was a beauty that couldn’t be imagined, could she still appear in one’s dreams?

But it wasn’t a dream.

The woman said to the youth. That she herself was a goddess.

That she didn’t have enough power and the world she was protecting was overflowed with demons.

The boy wanted to help but he knew that he didn’t have any power so he wouldn’t be of any help, is what the boy said to the pleading goddess as he declined.

In reality, he was powerless and it wasn’t like he was good at his studies.

His physical ability was so-so, in studies he is somewhere in the middle top.

That he is a kind and gentle person sounds good but, in reality, he was being bullied by others.

As expected, he didn’t have the intention of telling this to the woman though.

The reason of the bullying wasn’t anything complicated.

Simply put, it was because he was popular.

The problem was, his appearance was abnormally good, just because of that the people were making a racket.

A slender good looking man that was like he came right out of a shoujo manga. Moreover, in that slender body was without any falsehood, a somewhat weak constitution. That part was also a plus for the girls.

He didn’t place much effort, furthermore, it wasn’t as if he made direct advances on the girls.

That ignorance boiled the anger of the male students. Being protected by the female students made the treatment of him even worse.

He himself was, honestly, scared of the girls. That’s why he tried to stay away from them but the other side approached him.

Moreover since that instilled the anger of the male students, when he tried to stay away from the girls it increased the hate even more.

What is it they want him to do? And so, his attendance to school became fewer.

The call of the Goddess came at that point in time.

“It’s fine, you have a big power in you. And going to my world will awaken it. Moreover I will, of course, be giving you power. That’s why, please”

If the call was a bit after.

Or maybe in the past.

He may have declined. He yearned for such a game’s main character situation but he would have still chosen reality.

“R-Really? Someone like me can do it?”

The matter when the bullying in school began.

And the fact that he couldn’t find any solution to it and ended up secluding himself in his home.

The fact that his parents began to condemn him for his un-attendances.

The circumstances that encircled him were all unpleasant.

“Of course, it’s impossible if it’s not you. There will be another girl that will be your partner and has made her decision on walking this path. Oh hero, please lend me your strength”

The other party was a lovely woman, a goddess. And she was petitioning him. Moreover, it seems he wasn’t the only one.

She said that there would be a girl partner. The part about being a girl bothered him a bit but it shouldn’t be someone he knows, also, it would be reassuring if there is another person from the same world.

That’s what he thought.

“You said you would be giving me power but, what will you be giving me?”

For him, that part was important. An RPG that began from level 1 was bothersome. Recently, in RPGs and even SRGs, he has been enjoying them by modding them first. He was warped.

At least it wasn’t a decision that should be taken with such a cheap game thinking. Because not a single time did the woman say that ‘You can return’ after all. However, being a goddess he couldn’t calmly hear her completely but, she must be able to return him.

“A body that can fight against the demon beasts, magic power that outdoes that of the demon race, a demonic eye skill that can enslave the people. Also, I will give you this ‘silver boots’ that will let you soar in the skies and cure your fatigue”

How is it? Is what the goddess said while looking at the boy.

The boy was secretly jumping with joy in his heart. It was quite the thing. If you began a game with that many special privileges there would definitely be a balance break. He could feel how much of a power he was being given.

With this, he may be able to cope with most of the situations. If it’s possible he would want a special ability of sorts but it wasn’t good to provoke any animosity. The boy was troubled and couldn’t give an answer.

However, if this is truly no good, then this dream-like situation will just become a dream and tomorrow he will only continue living his unchanging life inside his room so, he came out firmly.

“Then, it will burden your magic power a bit but, only at nights I will make you immortal. However, this power will only be at nights and at the time when the moon is out”

It increased. Without saying any words, the goddess gave in.

He didn’t know that this was because the goddess was being troubled by time. He was just happy.

If he fights at night he will not lose. He made such a wrong interpretation of that power.

“I understand, Goddess-sama. I am not sure if I can do it but I will do my best in this thing called hero”

As if he was creating a favor, he made a big decision and told her his feelings of acknowledgment.

Hearing these words, the beautiful woman was really happy and made the best smile of the day.

‘The one who wants to say thank you is me’ is what the boy said while showing a dark smile. In the world he will be going he will be STRONG, moreover he can do whatever he wants and no one will be able to say anything about it. If he can attract the people then he won’t face bullying.

When he thought the words ‘no one’ he felt something pierce his chest but he shook it off. He was enveloped by a golden color.

He should have stopped. The boy had difficulties he could gain from after all. He was clearly different from the other two.

That the difficulty was his parents? It may be a small interchange but if his friends were to notice the situation, he would have been able to return.

It was an assumption that will not be realized anymore.

In the next instant, he, Iwahashi Tomoki, went to the other world.

“Is this the world of the Goddess?”

In the strange dusty place, one girl was there and a number of people that were wearing clothes that looked like the ones monks or priests use, the people step back from the side of the girl.

“… Are you, Hero-dono? Do you understand my words?”

“?! Ah, yeah. I can understand” (Tomoki)

Because he hasn’t done a proper conversation in a long time, Tomoki had a weird behavior while responding.

Even though it wasn’t as much as the beautiful Goddess from a few moments ago, the girl that was in front of him also had an abnormally well-made outward appearance and was one of the reasons of his weird behavior.

Being a third year in middle school, he is already more than 180cm tall, looking at the girl that called him out he could see that she only reached his shoulders but the solemnity she emitted, the aura she gave off. When meeting face to face it created a strange tension in him.

Her silver hair had a calm and mellow atmosphere. A bob, no, a short-bob hairstyle. Her style might be slightly thin but her posture was exceptionally good. A proper and worthy of respect girl.

(A career woman gives off this kind of feeling maybe)

Without stopping her, Tomoki thought of this.

“I am glad. Then Hero-dono. Since we can’t speak at such a place, will you please follow me?”

More than calling it mild, it was more like a cool smile that came from the girl, and just like that, pressed by her, they left the room.

At this moment, even though it was the first time she met him, the girl didn’t ask for his name because she had a reason.

The empire had given up on the divine protection of the Goddess because their plan was now to move aside the demon race with their own efforts. The upper stratums had lost a lot of faith in the Goddess. Above all, the girl that was dealing with the hero had a strong inclination to that.

For other countries, the hero might be a messiah, or more like, a hero material that they themselves would produce.

The strongest weapon called hero.

It wasn’t something that would create respect. The Gritonia that the hero has descended upon considered him a weapon.

The hero that was being led and taking interest in the people he was meeting, wouldn’t even be able to think about that possibility though.

At least for him, he was at a more severe place than that of the Limia hero. Though he is in a better situation than the boy that was thrown out into the wasteland.

~ Princess ~

The hero came. To calm my heart, I decided to take a walk after separating with him and I suddenly stop my feet.

The praying space.

An inorganic and cold stone floor, at the center an altar.

I hated this room. Because it’s a pointless place.

Goddess, the God that everyone believes and worships in this world. The loved hyumans that had superb beauty and seeds that stood at the summit, she was the existence that ‘was’ providing us divine protection and blessings.

However, in these 10 years, not a single prayer had reached. Nor help nor blessings were coming. In the world that you could obtain power by polishing your beauty, this absolute law, without previous notice, collapsed.

But it must be some kind of joke.

Suddenly, our empire’s priest and for some reason I was also given an oracle.

Being completely trampled by the demon race, the one that had the most faith in the Goddess at the moment, Elision, had been ruined.

In that grim situation we were barely able to make a defensive line with Limia to intercept the invasion of the demon race. Is the Goddess really an existence that we can believe in? In a thing that we have no knowledge of its nature, isn’t it something we shouldn’t be dependent on?

For my doubts to expand was extremely natural. If I said this out loud they would call me a heretic or a pagan or some other stupid words but I still restraint myself.

To be saying ‘I will give you a hero, attack the demon race’ at this point in time. Don’t make me laugh. The one called hero-sama that came out of the altar that was on the verge of being scrapped was also a stupid being.

I confirmed that the being was truly the hero that the oracle told about.

Gritonia, for the sake of fighting against the demon race without the divine protection of the Goddess, had done numerous experiments. The strengthening of human body, transplanting of excelling combat techniques, tools that had the power of black magic and the fusion of hyumans.

Any of these were not things that could be praised. With no way of glossing it over, it was a very inhumane thing. But what about it? It’s for the sake of defeating the demon race. If you have some objections about it, then show us that you are able to do something humane that will repel the demon race, is what I would yell at them.

But, comparing the masterpieces that those guys created, the hero was out of that group.

A body with a power that strengthening cannot reach, maryoku on the same level as high-ranked demons, at least ‘every’ black magic tool equipment that the empire possessed was reasonable.

A body that hadn’t been tampered in any way to have such a stupid result.

I, who had been showing him the way, saw every result with my own eyes.

A short-lived looking delicate man. That is the empire’s hero.

In his eye there seemed to be a not so good skill in it. The researchers said that it was a kind of demonic eye but for now I made it so we had some resistance to it beforehand. Only for the royalty though.

That he is a delicate man, that he has demonic eyes, furthermore, the arrogance of the strong that could be read from his tone. Also the rude look he gave to my knights. And his strangely merry atmosphere that seemed as if he were a kid that has come to a festival.

All of these were things I didn’t like. Especially that he was dispatched by that Goddess.

But.

Fine.

If you say that you are a hero, the empire will make you the strongest one of all. If you want to we can give you gold and even rank, women or men, whatever you wish will be granted… If with that we will be able to destroy the demon race.

No. The treasures of any country, this empire, my own body, my closest friends, I will give them to you… if with that I will be able to take the enemy of mother. Those pitiful women that believed until the very end and did those foolish prayers and were ignored by the Goddess.

Tomoki, that’s right, Tomoki Iwahashi. Rejoice. You will carve your name in history as a hero. And then make me rejoice, color the icy fields with the blood of the demons.

Oh Goddess, the one that plays with us on a whim. The toy that you have provided us, I will show you how we use it to its best.

With my emperor’s blood at stake, I will certainly.





Chapter 32 - The report of the secretary Ema




Tomoe hasn’t gotten in touch with me.

Last night I certainly drank too much so I wasn’t able to contact her. But for her to not have any contact as well, makes me a bit worried.

An ‘investigation’ that I have asked for was a happy happening for her. However, from her flaming passion I felt something else as well.

“Anyways, the buildings are made at an incredible pace huh” (Makoto)

I make a monologue half in admiration and half in shock.

Even though I got the raw materials 3 weeks ago.

In that whole area my house was already being built.

From the way the parts like the pillars and walls are assembled here and there, I can tell that it’s going smoothly.

The problem is that it’s huge. Aren’t they making it in a crazy size? I was planning for it to be a building like the ones I see in Tsige but, the one that is being made right now is, honestly, on a whole different level.

What they were building in front of me was like a government office building. As expected, it won’t be a multistory building but, it’s pretty big.

I want you to think like this.

The general population in here is approximately in the several hundred.

Thinking about the number of people that are being used to make this place and the manual labor, I just can’t laugh.

“Yeah, it’s max priority after all!” (Ema)

Ema-san is following Mio and me. I don’t know if it’s because the highland orc lady has high communication skills or because she adapts fast, but she is a person that moves busily between the many races here.

It would give me more peace of mind if they just left this half made place for later and concentrated on stabilizing the livelihood of everyone here.

“Ema-san, you can leave my house for later so it’s okay to have the dwarfs-san, lizards-san, cherub-sans* and the various others to do the urgent jobs first” (Makoto) <TN: must be a new race in the Asora>

“I am also suggesting that. We haven’t decided on where the genuine city will be made so the only work that we can do together is this one-desu yo” (Ema)

She explains it to me while smiling. I could see anger in that smile but it must be my imagination. I haven’t done anything that could anger anyone after all.

“When this is done Waka-sama can have a place to live and we can use it as a temporal place for meetings so there is no need to worry” (Ema)

So that’s how it is. Then it should be fine. I will just gratefully let them construct it.

She is a really well-made person. Regarding Asora I should ask Ema-san instead of Tomoe. Seriously.

“I see, I gladly welcome you all so use it as much as you guys want okay? For meetings or assemblies or anything of the sort. By the way, Tomoe is?” (Makoto)

“Tomoe-sama said that she would investigate the vegetation and present condition of Asora and has gone by herself for a few days already. There some things that I was curious about, so she is investigating those as well” (Ema)

With a bit of reserve, Ema-san tells me about the movements of Tomoe.

“Things you are curious about huh. Ema, you…” (Makoto)

“Waka-sama!” (Ema)

“Yes?!” (Makoto)

Suddenly calling me out, I unintentionally responded with a ‘yes’. I still have the common sense of my previous world carved in me. I still have remnants of the moments when Sensei called me out like that.

“Please stop using polite manner to talk with us. Even if you have to force yourself, please talk with us in a normal way!” (Ema)

Well, I am the type that uses polite manner a lot though… To force myself to do it normally, I somehow don’t understand the meaning of it.

Muu. Is it because these guys are people that live in a world that one of my followers made and I am an existence that is above that person?

Do mamonos place more importance in the positions compared to human beings?

“I will be careful from n- I will do my best” (Makoto)

Let’s get used to it as time goes on. I can’t just change with the flip of a switch after all.

“And so, Ema-san. You said there were things you were curious about, I want to hear the details. Also, a report of these few days, short version please” (Makoto)

It must be because I changed my way of speaking, she seemed a bit happier. It seems that Ema-san’s temper has gotten better.

Just like a few moments ago, she reported me in a secretary-like manner.

“Then, I will begin by reporting you of the events until now. First of all, about the living environment, there is no problem with any race regarding this. Thanks to the transfer of Tomoe-sama we have houses so, the things that would cause worries like collapses or deterioration, in the present we have no such situations. About the place to live, there are no real problems and we have finished dividing the areas” (Ema)

The transfer of Tomoe huh. That is certainly convenient. Since I didn’t have a house in the first place I had to live in a tent but, the races that came later have come here with their whole settlement so there were no problems with the place to live and the things to wear. In the time of the migration we had them take out their household belongings but that is in case the place collapses.

“The Arkes said that they would mind about their own dwellings in the forest and mountains. We and the Lizard race are both helping in regards to that so there is no problem. They watch from there and are able to look at every direction so they are helping in the examination of the circumference” (Ema)

“Yeah, I have received reports from those kids. They are putting in order the flora and fauna that they find-desu wa” (Mio)

Mio complements. The Arkes are Mio’s kin, or more like, a parent child relationship. It seems that the reports come to Mio first.

“In terms of individual strength they are the highest ones so, for them to do the survey of the surroundings is trustworthy. We should go to thank them later, right Mio?” (Makoto)

“Such generous words, thank you very much Waka-sama. Those kids will also be happy-desu wa” (Mio)

“They are a real help. It’s a terrain that has appeared after Mio came but, there are no problems in the present survey. The faraway forest has quite the distance so there haven’t been any surveys on it yet. The environment also, most of the things in here coincide with the information we have received from Tomoe-sama and Waka-sama. The arrangements of these are being done by us but I am thinking of doing that after the house is made. Is that okay?” (Ema)

“Of course, I don’t mind. And the dwarfs?” (Makoto)

“Most of them are at the residences or in the various races’ village repairing or making tools. A portion of the superior blacksmiths are sacrificing their own sleeping time in order to create the equipment and goods that Waka-sama, Tomoe-sama and Mio-sama will be using” (Ema)

I see, they did say something about presenting me equipment before. I received arrows so I thought those were what they were referring to but, it seems that wasn’t it. That means that the iron ribbed fan and kimono of Mio are just temporal things?

“Finally, about the Mist Lizards, the guarding of the various settlements and the pioneering of places that can be used as agricultural land as well as raw materials. We are also leaving them in charge of the supplying of food. We are regulating it so the work is progressing extraordinarily well” (Ema)

Hoho~ not only are they pure military power but they can even pioneer and gather raw materials huh. ‘A civil official that can serve well’ or something like that. However, they are in a phase where they are already thinking about agricultural land huh. It’s not like I feel that the scope of the duties are a bit too spread out but.

Contrary to human beings, they have a talent in one area and on top of that they are using the right person in the right place so, it’s no surprise that it’s going well. But to spread out the work so much, I feel like in the current situation we will end up with a lack of hands no matter what.

From what I have heard in the report, I feel like asking the people to drop the pace in the construction of my house and concentrate on the other things. Also, there is one thing that was left out from the report.

“I feel like there is clearly not enough hands though” (Makoto)

I ask without restrain. There is no point if they are pushing themselves after all.

“You are right, that was one of the problems I was going to report after. The scale of the other works are still small so it isn’t a problem about the numbers but a problem of the quality though” (Ema)

Oh? For things like cultivating new land and pioneering, they give me the impression that the more the better but, is that not how it is?

In the surveying also, I think that numbers are strength though.

“In things like pioneering and cultivating new land, I think that numbers are more important though?” (Makoto)

“If it’s about spreading without thinking then yes. But right now we are in a test-like period so we are giving priority to the order and procedure of the settlements. The most important thing right now is to obtain talents that can grasp and understand the data gathered” (Ema)

“And you are saying?” (Makoto)

“The information of Waka-sama is written in a language that we don’t understand so, at occasional times we are advancing while confirming with Tomoe-sama but it’s a difficult voyage. Since a few days ago Tomoe-sama hasn’t been here so, from the various races there have been a lot of reports saying ‘what is this?’ piling up without being able to resolve~” (Ema)

‘I only know a bit of it so…’, is what Ema-san said and looked at me. I understand the meaning of her gaze. Expectation. ‘If you are here then act as a dictionary’, is what she must be trying to say.

Tomoe, did you run away in the middle of it?!

I see, I was forgetting it. I can speak it but the real language in itself is still Japanese. In my memories it’s all spoken in Japanese so I have written it that way too. Well, for the orcs and lizards it’s obvious that they won’t make any progress seeing that.

Or more like, Tomoe who understands it, is amazing. It is true that people learn faster when it’s something they like… how fearsome is history drama. Was it you who taught Tomoe Japanese in such a short time?

But it’s not like that Tomoe understands it completely, and to always use her as a replacement for a dictionary would obviously make her explode at some point… Well I don’t know if she exploded and escaped though.

“The reading comprehension of written characters huh. Certainly, in that respect, no matter how many you have, it would be of no help. But even if I say that, there is no way I can be here the whole time. I will think about it. Anything else?” (Makoto)

For now I will escape. I can’t go teaching Japanese lessons for a whole day after all.

“After that, there is the ‘seasons’ that Waka-sama mentioned before but…” (Ema)

“Ah, ‘this is an easy place to live in as just like spring’, is what you are trying to say right?” (Makoto)

“… Well, it seems that it has been repeatedly changing lately. It suddenly becomes hotter, suddenly becomes cooler, of course, it’s a lot lenient than the times in the wasteland but since it changes without previous notice it is causing a bit of problems. Last week it even snowed. Are seasons something that change by the day?” (Ema)

SNOW?!

Right now it feels like a normal spring closing in to summer. It’s cleared up and has a gentle breeze blowing. It’s a peerless place to live in.

If with this it snows tomorrow, then it would certainly be troublesome. There must be some reason for it so we should investigate it. Maybe I should find Tomoe and make her do it. No, wouldn’t it be better if I have Mio help here as well?

“No, seasons are something that run in a cycle. This is quite the strange thing. There are still a lot of things that we don’t understand in Asora huh” (Makoto)

“Yeah, that is a point of worry, anyways, this is something that Tomoe-sama grumbled but…” (Ema)

It doesn’t sound decent.

What is it? Did she have the urge to say shaved eyebrows or something? If she doesn’t restrain herself I will have her shave her own eyebrows.

“In these 3 weeks, it seems that Asora has stopped expanding” (Ema)

… Eh?

It was a serious doubt. You shocked me for a bit there.

Tomoe once told me that the expansion of Asora was still continuing and she couldn’t mark a clear end point.

That’s why I ordered Tomoe to investigate the expansion while she was doing independent action.

You are telling that the moment I ordered this, it stopped?

Are you telling me that the actions I did before and the actions I am doing now were affecting the expansion of the place?

I don’t understand. I want to think that Tomoe went to investigate that.

“It stopped you say. It was so big that it was troubling me so it may be good but…” (Makoto)

“It would be nice if Tomoe-sama knows something about this” (Ema)

Tomoe you rascal, you really disappeared suddenly. To think that you didn’t even get in contact with the people here. I will be doing a forced summon afterwards.

“I will leave it as, ‘confirm later’. After that, I had asked Tomoe for one other work but, how is it going with that?” (Makoto)

It’s something that is pretty important for me. For the treatment of the people in Asora after this and for the sake of evading the suspicion that will be directed at me.

“Yeah, I don’t understand the meaning that well but its proceeding smoothly. For now it is impossible to have them wandering around so we are using them as language practice partners and returning them” (Ema)

Fumu, it seems to be going quite well. The thing that seemed to create the most problem, I feel like I was freed from a heavy burden.

“Are you letting them carry some goods?” (Makoto)

“Yeah, just as you said. Centering in the food and the things they call raw material, food that will reach the town, we are giving those with the pretext of having them teach us the common language. But Waka-sama, what is it you are trying to accomplish?” (Ema)

So Ema-san still doesn’t understand huh. Tomoe that frequently goes from Asora to outside surprisingly understood it but, for Ema-san that has only been here is certainly hard to comprehend.

“In the future, at the times when we are going to take the things that are produced and yielded here to the outside, to have precedent is something quite important. That I am the only one selling it would create unnecessary prying and friction” (Makoto)

That’s right, we slip in some random adventurers and have them understand that they have no ill will, then give them things and have them return.

The adventurers that return will begin to spread rumors about a mamono land that has mysterious things.

That will become common knowledge for the merchants and if it comes to a point where they will accept the adventurers as targets of good fortune, the goods of Asora will circulate at a reasonable pace.

If I create a rotation of races that take charge of this and have them spread rumors of different towns then it will be a done deal.

The things that I am handling are objects that seem to not be from this world so, it’s better to have at least this amount of preliminary arrangement or it will become troublesome later.

After all, to take care of the problems before they occur is, in the end, the most comfortable way.

“Ema-san and the highland orcs as well as the lizardmen and dwarfs, is that how you guys are shifting?” (Makoto)

“No, the Arkes are also in it. They have memorized most of the common language after all” (Ema)

Those half spider people, their ability is high, . As expected from Boss characters.

“Then the things that are discharged are food products, the mist lizards are ornament products, dwarfs are manufactured products, and the Arkes with the medicines they have produced. Is that how it goes?” (Makoto)

I still can’t understand the Arkes’ magic medications and gold products, I have to check this out with Mio.

There should be nothing to worry about regarding the dwarfs’ products. Those stubborn craftsmen would not give someone a creation that doesn’t fit the capability of people.

Well, craftsmen are troublesome in that sense though.

“You are right, right now our magic knowledge is a bit poor. Even though I say that, the only things that the races are giving are all things that are used in daily life” (Ema)

From the point of view of Ema-san, the hyumans are not equal beings. They sometimes come, moreover, they are not that strong at all, is how she must see them. Because by the time they reach this point, they are mostly exhausted.

The missions that have a single highland orc as subjugation target is already rank A so, they must be pretty strong. Of course, the ones that appear around them are normally the combat related warriors so that affects the rank as well.

In reality, Ema-san was almost killed by a Liz. If it’s about the inborn strength they may be at B-.

“That’s good enough. That the things made here are being taken outside has a meaning in itself. When the scale of the place gets bigger it’s fine if we just increase the grade of the items slowly. I am counting on you guys to continue like this” (Makoto)

This will be supervised by Tomoe. In the future, let’s continue leading adventurers into this ‘paradise’ as planned.

After that is… the language huh.

To teach Japanese is difficult. If that’s how it is then, should I have a TV video made as a teaching material with subtitles in common language?

However… no matter how much Tomoe likes history dramas, her learning was way too fast. Is there a trick to it?

“I understand. We will be continuing while following the instructions of Tomoe-sama. With this, I have said all I had to say” (Ema)

“Yeah, please do so. For a while now people have been coming here but, isn’t it work? I have Mio over here so it’s fine if you go attend them” (Makoto)

Because if people saw that I am the one she is talking to, it’s impossible for them to intrude after all.

It seems it was just as I thought, excusing herself, Ema-san left with a quick pace. Well, what a busy person huh. She really helps me a lot.

“Hey, Mio. You, do you understand Japanese?” (Makoto)

“Japanese? It’s a word I haven’t heard before. I think I probably wouldn’t understand it” (Mio)

“Right. It’s the language from my country though” (Makoto)

“Then I understand it. If its conversation then I have no problems” (Mio)

She said it smoothly. Like if it were a matter of course!

“Eh?!” (Makoto)

“It’s because we have made a pact. Because it would be bad if we weren’t able to communicate our will to Waka-sama after all. In the cases of ruling and slavery it is made so that the partner can understand the master’s language. In the case of a covenant, at the time of the pact it makes it so that both sides understand their languages” (Mio)

So that’s why! Or more like, Tomoe, tell me those kind of things!

Then I should leave Mio here for today. With this, the work should proceed somehow. I will visit the place of the Cherubs and…

“Waka-sama~~~!!!”

Uo?! What is it this time?!

How audacious is this voice!

O, Oh. An old man with a splendid beard is coming here accompanied with a cloud of dust. His stature is somewhere around 150 so he practically looks like a cannonball.

However, in Asora event flags stand up anywhere.

“If it isn’t the Elder-san. I am sorry that Tomoe is asking you so much” (Makoto)

“Ara, that dwarf. This iron-ribbed fan thing, I kind of like it. This is a good product” (Mio)

To think that Mio would show her gratitude. Umu, she is growing by the day, this hungry demon.

“No no, to provide equipment to excelling entities, for us that is the greatest of joys. It troubles me if you thank me for that. More importantly, you have finally come here today. I will have you accompany me for a while”

“Eh, wait a second, I was thinking about going to the Arke-sans* place though” (Makoto)

“Please do so later! The issue here is urgent. Moreover, if we are not able to correctly measure the strength of the two of you, the creation of the equipment will never advance!”

Tomoe is rather forward about it and makes requests frequently so there are no issues in the making of things but, Mio and I have never shown our faces in the workshop after all. We should go at least once huh.

“You have a point. Mio, let’s go to the dwarfs’ place first” (Makoto)

“Okay, those kids have a lot of stuff they want to ask about the things that they have found until now so I will have them gather all up” (Mio)

That’s right, Arkes were living their individual lives huh. The 4 of them wandered in 4 different parts after all, and there are things I want to do at Tsige so, I can’t stay here forever.

They seem to be intelligent people so I am looking forward to meet them.

Now, let’s go to the dwarfs’ workshop.





Chapter 33 - The dwarfs’ announcement assembly


“Rejected” (Makoto)

My merciless voice resounds in the workshop.

Before my very eyes, there was a very bombastic multi-colored full plate that was adorned as if it were made for a museum.

Like I can wear something like this!

Well, it fits right in when I wear it and it doesn’t weight that much but, as a merchant I can’t wear this!

However, there were also a lot of equipment lined up. Cleanly. I feel like I am in the interior of an haute couture* shop. <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haute_couture>

The Elder-san pats the shoulder of the maker while looking forward to the next one.

Well let’s see~ if I had to choose from these ones then…

I pass on the full-body armor. Pass on leather armor as well. Fu~mu, isn’t there something close to a jacket-like casual wear in here? At worst I will compromise with leather armor along with light armor.

Looking at me checking and walking pass without stopping, had an effect on the dwarfs as they seemed to crumble.

That leaves, oh, this flabby vestment-looking thing is pretty good. It looks comfortable to wear. The ideal would be the Taisho romance, student clothing*, but there is no way its here!

Oh.

I stop my hand that was going to take the vestment.

Two spaces beside it.

A set of something that looks like a coat and trousers that can be found in my world.

Being mixed in all this metallic armor, it felt really out of place, it was an indigo blue coat and the lining had a deep crimson funky style that suited it. I really want to hear the aim of this.

“This is?” (Makoto)

“That… did you take a liking to it?”

Elder-san seemed to be meditating something. If you ask me if I took a liking to it, then yeah, I took a liking to it though.

I found a coat that you would only wear on winter. But the cloth stops somewhere around the thighs and it’s made so it won’t obstruct the movements of the body. It looks thick but it’s unexpectedly thin, it may be easier to move in than I expected.

Moreover, it comes in set with trousers. That part really interested me. Are you telling that this is working as a full-body armor?

“Well, it looks a bit like the clothes in my hometown. That’s why I was wondering” (Makoto)

“This is, when Waka-sama asked to make the ring, Draupnir, in a hurry. It is an article that was made with that in view”

As expected of the elder. He knows the outline of every object that is lined up here. The elder exchanges looks with someone and a dwarf with a mean look came out.

I don’t know the age but he looks younger than the elder. Above all, the aged look made him really craftsman-looking. It might be prejudice though.

However, this person too huh. All the dwarfs here have terrible eye bags. Are you not sleeping~?

“Waka-san, did you take a liking to what I made? A person that requests such a ring is, as expected, a unique person huh”

Waka-san, he says. It’s the first time someone calls me like that. It’s scary that in the near future they may even call me with Waka-rin or Waka-chi. I should warn about that later.

“There are a lot of things arranged here, is it fine not to look at a full-body armor?”

“Of course. I have high defense specs in both physic and magic. My habitual specs, in terms of physic I can resist impacts specially well, for magic I have high resistance in wind and fire” (Makoto)

‘Waka-san is specialized in water and darkness attributes after all’, is what he added as an explanation.

If I am versed in water and darkness, will it make me susceptible to wind and fire? That’s probably not the case.

However, for this to be made with the ring in view is something I can’t connect. Is there more to it?

“In regards to battle, depending on the situation it can be used in two different ways. It could be said to be all-purpose-ja”

Don’t say a transforming function please. I don’t want to transform.

“All-purpose, it’s surprising how you were able to make something like that” (Makoto)

“As an equipment, bear in mind”

See? Here it comes. A problem came in. If it’s something like ‘I can’t take it off’ I pass. Even the elementary level all-purpose* magic comes at the intermediate stage, the word all-purpose is heavy. In reality, it can even become ‘a jack of all but master of none’ after all.

“Here, look at the sleeve part here please”

This is… thin chains? In a part that looks like a stowing pocket, I can see 5 of them coming out.

“This is made so that when it’s connected to the Draupnir it shows its effect”

So it uses the magic power of the ring, in short…

“In short, it means that the function that you mention, activates by using the magic power that is stored in the ring” (Makoto)

“How sharp, that’s exactly how it is-ja yo”

Meaning that I got a ‘my turn MP consumption’ equip.

“The consumption is bigger than the Draupnir you see, it makes it an equip that concentrates on performance and ignores the user”

That even the Draupnir can’t manage the consumption, for me that has an excess amount of magic power it’s something to be happy about but… the dwarf-san is making a face as if saying ‘I did it for you’.

It looks like it hasn’t been enlarging lately but, just with this magic power I have too much. I want to do something about it.

“Hmph~, then, if I wear it without connecting it to this ring, what would happen?” (Makoto)

“It will suck your magic power directly. The ring that acts as a valve will be gone so this guy will supply until it’s satisfied. It’s at a level that will instantly kill a normal person”

“What dangerous clothes-desu wa ne” (Mio)

Mio returned at some point in time. Did she already decide on the measurements and design of the equipment?

“Mio, did you finish already?” (Makoto)

“Yeah, it came out as leaving the iron-ribbed fan as it is and doing numerous things to it. In the clothes, I have already taken a liking to the kimono so regarding the abilities it will have, we discussed it a bit-desu” (Mio)

“Heh~ your decision was fast. Well, I am about to decide on this one as well though. As a template” (Makoto)

Saying that, I hold the coat and trousers in my hands.

The trousers are a bit hard to put on but, it is treated as an equipment after all, moreover, these are try-on clothes. I won’t mind it. And the coat. I want to test out the degree of it when it’s not connected to the ring.

“Waka-san, it’s no good if you don’t connect it to the ring first!”

First, you say. How am I going to connect a chain that is coming out from my sleeve to the ring first? It can only spring out!

“It’s fine” (Makoto)

Fumu, it is certainly absorbing. But it’s at the level that I have to concentrate in order to notice it. That a normal person would suffer instant death must be an exaggeration. With this it becomes safety boots without them and a safety jacket, in addition to providing protection against fire and wind.

How nice.

“A-Are there no problems?”

“Yeah, none at all. Then, about the second type?” (Makoto)

Does it have something to do with the red in the lining? It’s a dazzling red that makes it a bit hard to wear but not impossible to. I think that it’s a lot better than gold and silver so.

“I think you have already noticed that the back is becoming red right?”

“Yeah, I can tell” (Makoto)

“Imagine it changing places please”

Like this? Oh, OH~!

The outside has become red!

Heh~ Heh~ Heh~!

It can be reversed with an image! This is incredible! Interesting!

“In that state, it will change from defense centered to maneuverability centered. The specialty is resistance to bladed attacks, elements it would be water and wind, and the light element will be strengthened. Also, since it is centered in speed, you should be able to move at higher speeds than normal!”

How will it be~?

I will do a sudden light stroll. The goal will be the workshop’s lamp at the entrance.

I just did a light acceleration but…

My surroundings become slow at once!

T-This is incredible! My reflex is somehow coping with it but if I did this in the middle of town, wouldn’t they think I just disappeared suddenly?

I don’t want to create too much of a wind so, I will try my best to return to my previous position gently.

And yet, the moment I returned, a strong wind was blown.

“This is incredible. It’s convenient and strong. If it has endurance it would be the best though” (Makoto)

“T-That, I have confidence in it! Defensive capability is the basic of equipment after all!”

“Ah, that’s not what I was referring to. An endurance capability to magic power. Because, see here, this…” (Makoto)

At the beginning, the coat accepted it like it was nothing but after several seconds it began to radiate and in a mark of 10 seconds or so, the cloth began to rip up. I once again restrain my magic power.

The 3 rings that I had on, were deep red.

“Hey. It’s a bit fragile. It’s okay to pursue the increase of the performance by several times, I won’t mind that it will eat several times as much magic power. So make clothes that can bear my magic power” (Makoto)

“Such, a thing. For a saturation of magic power to occur”

It absorbed magic power to the limits of its performance, moreover, it didn’t stop absorbing and began destroying the clothes itself.

It seems that it went to a level that was higher than what it was made for.

But if it’s just that, it shouldn’t cause problems. There are no problems in the concept itself. The craftsmen should be able to make continuous improvements to it until it becomes a complete product.

“For equipment, I would want to use the improved version of what he has made. About the bow and arrows, are they ready?” (Makoto)

“Understood. The bow right? We have received the request from Tomoe-sama so, to a certain extent. We would want to test this at least once so, would you please accompany us?”

“I understand” (Makoto)

After that, I requested a number of things regarding the bow and giving them the knife and short sword that I normally use, I head out with Mio to meet the Arkes.

It seems that the other weapon I requested is still in process. As expected, it’s a weapon that is ‘not from this world’ huh.

There are a lot of bows that can be used as base. In short, I explained it as composite bow but, there are numerous special woods that are used as materials and are called self-bows, in short, there are a lot of bows that are made by a single material and many that are outstanding.

If the strength and might are the same then, more than one that I have to be careful when I use it, one that is comfortable is better. If it’s used in training that’s one thing but, one that’s aimed for combat, moreover, there might be a chance that I will be using it constantly after all.

In the many things that the Arkes have gathered and lined up, they organized and divided them while I arrange what I have in my memories. I requested Mio to help them and returned to Tsige alone.

The next thing is Rembrandt Company huh.

Ah, first I should go to the adventurer guild and excuse myself with Toa-san and the others. Because of Tomoe’s disappearance the prospect of registering has become opaque after all, in case anything happens I want them to be present so.

For the sake of acknowledging my acceptance of the S class commission, there is a need for me to register and show them that I hold the required items though.

If it’s impossible, then I will have to consider having Toa-san and the others accept it.

Hiu~ it’s already noon huh. It was a long day, seriously.

Ah.

That’s right. It’s fine to just take off the ring first before connecting it to the chains. There wasn’t a need to spring it out or anything like that.





Chapter 34 - Meeting with the wealthy merchant of Tsige


And so, using the name Raidou, I once again registered at the guild.

The level that I was looking forward to was, as expected, still 1. Is there really some reason for it?

If it’s because I am not from this world, then are the two heroes at level 1 as well?

Well, they are heroes so, if I slowly gather information of them I should be able to confirm their level.

The famous people have no privacy after all, I sympathize with you, hero-samas.

That’s why I should do my best as a merchant. No no, this isn’t cynicism.

Because of that, for the sake of increasing the connections I have as a merchant, I need to have Rembrandt Company remember my face.

I had to explain to Toa-san and the others that Tomoe is late so I had Mio bring her back and that’s why the registration would be delayed.

By the way, it seems they have made this place their base and are going to be operating in this town for a while.

Moreover, for my surprise, the 4 of them have decided to form a party.

Being guinea pigs for human experiments may have created a kindred feeling amongst themselves.

At the carriage I felt like they weren’t conscious of each other, but I don’t know the real situation regarding this.

In these suburbs there are no requests these 4 people can’t take, so they will be collecting some requests and accepting them, or something like that. Wun, I don’t understand the standard for strength.

Requests can be collected and accepted huh. How many can someone amass?

However, with this I understood that it would be impossible to have them accept the S class request.

Since they told me that they reached the max amount they can accept after all.

… I can see their lack of planning and how they ended up to the neck in debt, these guys… I don’t want to lead a life like that of a gambler.

“I will be returning at night”, is what I told them and they left in high spirits.

A number of their equipment had changed. Did they do shopping not that long ago? The people called adventurers acts pretty fast, I should learn that part from them. Maybe I’m just overthinking this.

[Uhm, I would like to accept a request]

“Ara, Raidou-sama. Did you find a request that you may be able to do?”

There seems to be a lot of rookies that decide to register here, so the support they give to newbies is on point.

If I tell them I have the real thing there should be no problems with the acceptance, is what I think but this is making me nervous.

[Yeah, this one]

Saying that, I give her the S rank request about the eyes of the Rubee-eye.

In a second, a wrinkle appears in the middle of Nee-san’s eyebrow. Oh~ it has intensity.

“Raidou-sama, this is an S rank request so the current you cannot accept it”

Please bring D or E requests, is what she told me.

[No, actually…]

“Eh?”

I casually take out a red bulk from my pocket and place it on the counter.

[The eyes of a Rubee-eye. It’s just that I already have them. Even with this I can’t accept it? I don’t think this will hurt the reliability of the guild though]

The ranks and such, they should be things that were created in order to protect their reliability. So if I explain them that it’s a sure thing, they should be able to accept it.

Is what I think.

Though.

Can it get through?

“?! Is it legit?!”

[Of course. I am a person that has been together with the group of Toa-san that you saw not too long ago. It’s an individual that they defeated on the way here]

Naturally, I didn’t tell them I was the one who defeated it and that they gave it to me.

“I see, if it’s something like that then, please wait for a bit”

The Onee-san left from the backdoor. It must be those ‘only personnel allowed’. Do important people come here?

At any rate, I was surprised.

Separate from the request board I saw the other day, there was another board set over there.

That was a board that was specialized on requests that were related to the wasteland. Across the board, there were level and rank limitations clearly posted on there. How should I say it? Is the supply not keeping up? Maybe the talk about doing transportation as a living that Toa-san suggested was not a lie.

“Raidou-san, right? Can you show me that eye please?”

N? The Onee-san returned? But, this voice is that of a man. Could it be, a trap woman?!

When I checked, I saw that beside the Onee-san there was an old man. It pisses me off but, he was a nice-looking middle aged man. This world… No, I should be grateful that a ‘final weapon’ hasn’t appeared.

That this is a dangerous place that would be bad for my face to be discovered has already disappeared from my worries so, I should be fine taking off my mask but…

Thinking about if I take off my mask, that they will look at me with pitying eyes, it made me reconsider.

[Yeah, go ahead]

The main reason should be to check if it’s the real deal or not. For them to check is actually a wonderful situation for me.

If I have the authorization of the adventurer guild, I should have no complaints.

“This is, there is no doubt about it. The real deal. Moreover, there isn’t a single scratch in it. They should have defeated it by dealing a fatal wound to the abdomen. How praiseworthy”

The old man mixes in a sigh. He has cold sweat running down.

“Then, is it fine for Raidou-sama to accept the request?”

“Yeah, there should be no problems with this. Have the rank S change to special rank and let him take it”

I see. If they do that, I should be able to take it without breaking any rules.

“Understood, then Raidou-sama. The map that will guide you to where the Rembrandt Company is and the document that confirm your acceptance. When we receive the articles for the request and you sign it, please submit it here. With this, the request will be done. Since it’s a special rank, Raidou-sama will now be D rank”

“Raidou-san, I heard that you received this material from Toa-dono and the others?”

[Yeah, that’s right]

“They sold numerous materials at this town. They must have quite the skills but, why did the item that has the most worth among them be in your hands?”

[Who knows? I wonder why. Maybe it is because I was the one that provided the carriage? I don’t understand the clear details]

“Umu…”

[Then, I will be taking my leave]

Oh, the Rembrandt guild is unexpectedly close. Just by passing a few avenues that has a lot of pedestrian traffic. I had some fears, but with this I should have no worries about being attacked midway.

I left while checking the map.

The day was at its zenith.

The unforgiving sunlight was still hot. The ‘other side’ should be in the middle of a bitter cold season.

Then, let’s go.

—-

“Please wait here. I will go bring master here”

As expected, Rembrandt-san is the representative of the company.

The location of the map was a big store and when I brought the discussion to the people there, I was brought to the second floor and was received by what looked like a butler.

It was a statuesque butler that looked as if he was from a work of art. Tall stature, swept back hair and a moustache. I can’t see him as anything other than a butler.

The things that were lined up in the store were weapons, armor and miscellaneous things; crossing a passageway you could find daily articles on sale as well.

It was like a huge discount store.

It seems to be a big company so, if they count me in I would be really happy.

I feel like the person running this place has a special type of personality, since it’s such a wealthy company.

Like, really stingy or a dark type that doesn’t care about the method, or maybe the rich kid that inherited it all?

It would be good if it’s a normal person. The chances are incredibly low though.

That’s right, I should have my adventurer guild card out as proof of my identity while I am at it.

After all, this is the only thing I have that can prove my identity.

Also, it’s something that was issued today so. *Sweat*

I should just have the guild confirm it, if they think it’s fake.

“I’m sorry for making you wait, even though I was the one that made the request.”

Two people entered.

One of them is the butler-san from before. He went on standby without saying a single word.

The other person is the one that called me out. He is probably the Rembrandt guy.

For being a merchant he is a tough-looking big man, his muscles are pretty defined. He has long dark green hair and also has a majestic moustache going on. I have already gotten used to the fantasy style colored hair.

I even have an ominous feeling about being treated in such a gentle manner.

Having stood up in reaction to the door opening, I responded to the hand that he stretched out and we exchanged a handshake.

I do have the decorum from my previous world but, to do this kind of thing while sitting is a bit. If I was wrong then I should just apologize. It’s better for me to do things that I consider not to be ill-mannered.

By the way, while I responded to the handshake I was also thinking about the impression he had on me. Because I would feel bad if I ignored the hand that was stretched out in front of me.

If the person I admire had someone standing behind her, she wouldn’t hesitate to attack, but for me

I am unable to imitate her.

[Pleasure to meet you, my name is Raidou-san]

“I am Rembrandt. Raidou-dono huh. Sorry for the rudeness but it’s a name I haven’t heard before. When did you arrive here?” (Rembrandt)

As expected, the reason why he made me wait must have been to inquire my social status. He must have looked it up but since the information regarding me was so scarce, nothing must have came out.

[Yesterday, I crossed 3 bases from the border wastelands to reach here]

A simple ‘Oh~’ leaked out from the butler and Rembrandt.

“So that’s how it was, I memorized most of the S rank adventurers, since I didn’t remember you in any of those I was a bit on guard. I apologize for that” (Rembrandt)

[Please don’t mind it. Just that, in regards to this request, it has changed from S rank to special rank so please acknowledge that]

“Hoh~ into a special rank huh. No, I don’t mind that at all. And, Raidou-dono. In terms of the fixed date, how long do you think it will take?”

The eyes of Rembrandt-san become sharp. Even though he easily lowers his head, he was a person that made you feel his drive, his pressure. As someone that is administrating a company, he must have survived numerous difficulties.

However, fixed date… I see, these kind of requests, it is normal for someone to just say ‘I will be taking this one’ and until it is finished it is a ‘work’ huh.

If the fixed date is too long then the cost for expenses will be higher, is that how it is?

Or maybe, there are some that take the expense cost and run away, is he being on guard for people like that? Or maybe he is in a hurry? It may be both as well.

[The fixed date will be afterwards. You said previously that in terms of transitioning you wouldn’t mind, but regarding that, I have one more thing I want you to acknowledge]

“… Let’s hear it” (Rembrandt)

By leaving the fixed date for later and bringing out a different topic, it seems that he has begun suspecting me at once. But since the beginning, foul play has never been my style. I should explain the things I can say about myself.

[I am an E rank. Moreover, I registered today and this is my first request. I want you to understand this]

Saying that, I showed him my guild card.

Just as I thought, Rembrandt-san looked at me with wide eyes. And then he returned my guild card.

“I am sorry but, it seems that there is nothing more for us to talk about. But before checking about the Rubee-eye, you should be looking for easier prey.” (Rembrandt)

In a second he treated me like a swindler. No surprise. But, this Rembrandt guy is… an okay person.

His age must be somewhere around mid 30 to 40 years old.

He is slender and tall, his demeanor is gentle and he is not a naïve person. He doesn’t give me the impression of a rich kid that had inherited the land of his parents. It should be fine to think of him as a person with suitable ability.

Having him in my debt will allow me to create a connections with him backing me. At any rate, he is the appropriate person.

Putting away the card, I stopped the person that was trying to get up with my hand.

“What is it?” (Rembrandt)

Sagacious eyes. Umu, if he was not at this level I wouldn’t want him become my backer nor would I want him as my trading partner. This truly is good. It’s to the point that I want to learn the inners of the business from him.

[I have registered as an adventurer but, I am actually thinking about registering myself in the merchant guild as well. I am thinking about slowly making a company and living as a merchant]

“You are mistaken about everything. First of all, if you want to join the merchant guild you should properly study and prepare yourself for the exams. Also, if you want to become a merchant in this town you should make sure not to get on my bad side. Finally, it would be better for you to not have such a shallow way of thinking by selling the things you get from being an adventurer as a merchant. Business is not as soft-hearted as you think.” (Rembrandt)

Exams?!

Are there exams that you need to study in order to have the merchant guild accept you?! I didn’t hear about this?!

No way! What should I do about the today’s schedule and the schedule from now on? Should I take it even if I know it will not work?

You tossed me quite the bomb, Rembrandt-shi. However, right now I should concentrate on the request. Fu~ to think I would hear the word exams in this world. The society doesn’t work so easily.

[Please listen to me until the end. As a person that aims to live as a merchant I think that having a good relation with Rembrandt-dono will be beneficial. By no means did I come here to give you a bad time. Also, do you think that the adventurer guild would leave a request to someone that doesn’t have the ability to do so? I made sure that there would be no mistakes with the girl that accepted it]

“…”

[The reason I told you about my own rank was because in the case that you learn it at a later time, you may have complex feelings about it]

“Learning it now still made me have complex feelings though” (Rembrandt)

[No. Explaining it to you like this, I thought after the completion of the request, it would make for a good relationship]

“Are you telling me that you will defeat a Rubee-eye and bring it here? Certainly, if you just fulfill the request, I will have a favorable impression of you that will reveal your own social standing. Even if you have a low combat ability, if you have connections to someone that has the ability to defeat a Rubee-eye, I would want to get along with you when you finish your affiliation to the guild” (Rembrandt)

I’m glad. It somehow resolved itself.

But not being able to fix my tone of voice in the parts I want it them to sound strong and the parts I want them to sound low is, as expected, inconvenient.

Writing comes with its benefits and demerits.

“Raidou-sama, then, how are you planning on accomplishing the request of master?”

The butler-san looks straight at me with thin eyes while asking me. This person, was he a former adventurer? His gesture has no openings. And his eyes have strength in them. Maybe he is even stronger than Toa and the others.

[I will be showing you that now]

“Show? What do you mean by…?!”

I nonchalantly leave on top of the table, a red ball the size of a kid’s fist.

[There will be no fixed date. Because I already have them. Please, do confirm it yourself]

The two of them hurriedly put on thin gloves and slowly checked out the eyes. Eh? Is it bad to touch it with your bare hands? If that’s the case, I was thoughtless. Next time I should use gloves when handling goods. It’s because the adventurers that were with me were all using their bare hands on the material collecting after all.

Of course they are checking the authenticity but, are they also checking the quality of it? There should be no problems, the adventurer guild gave me the okay after all.

“I am surprised. This is the real deal, moreover, the solidity is weak. Meaning it has only been a few days since it was obtained.” (Rembrandt)

Rembrandt-san seems to be able to appraise the item himself. As expected from the owner of a big company.

[Is there a problem that it wasn’t that long ago?]

“No. The fact that it’s recent makes it more valuable. It will make the processing easier after all” (Rembrandt)

Rembrandt carefully gave it to the butler. The butler took out a special glossy cloth to wrap it up and left it on top of the table.

“… I apologize. It’s an important article and it’s something that makes even us nervous when handling it. To have answered with sincerity and doubt, I ask you to forgive us for that.” (Rembrandt)

The two of them lowered their heads. And then they slowly lift their heads.

[It’s fine, this is the natural reaction. Please don’t mind it. Then, can you tell me why you need the eyes? This is purely out of curiosity but, from what I heard from a friend, this can be used as an ingredient for an elixir]

It may not be the natural reaction. No matter how valuable an article is, I think that the doubts were too excessive for someone that had brought proper proof from the guild. However it’s a request that yields out large amounts of money. Maybe they haven’t encountered frauds until now, or they haven’t suffered damages before. I don’t know about those and it’s not something I should carelessly stick my head into.

“For the person that is supplying it, of course it is a matter to want to know how it will be used. I don’t know if this can serve as an apology for my previous rudeness but, I will tell you” (Rembrandt)

He once again sits.

“We are gathering the Rubee-eye eyes in order to create a certain elixir for a special medical treatment. It may be a method that doesn’t fit the cost of it but as a specific elixir for a particular disease, we need the Rubee-eye’s eyes as the primary material no matter what”

Is what the butler-san explained to me.

So an elixir for a medical treatment. It can be bestowed on a tool and can even become an ingredient for alchemy, moreover, it can even be used for the medical treatment of a disease huh. Furthermore, it rarely circulates.

Its uses are plentiful and its supply is unable to catch up to it, I can understand why they are treating it as a valuable article and are trading it for large sums of money.

[This eye will become an ingredient for a specific elixir? This is the first time I have heard of it]

“… it’s one of the almighty elixers that can be used on any normal disease though” (Rembrandt)

Rembrandt-san went back to polite speaking and responded to me with a serious face.

N? It works on normal diseases as well?

How does that work? Moreover, it’s one of the almighty elixers and yet the cost doesn’t match.

[Are there diseases that are not normal? I have come from a faraway place and my common knowledge is low though…]

“Don’t worry, if you live a normal life it should be something that you won’t have to deal with. The reason I need this is because I have a person I want to save. He is being invaded by a unique disease that is called a cursed disease” (Rembrandt)

[Cursed disease?]

“Yeah, it refers to a disease that infects the person through a ceremony a sorcery specialist does. To cure the cursed infection, you’ll need to use a type of elixir, or have the sorcerer himself release it. There are types of cursed diseases that the sorcerer himself cannot cure even upon his death, and there are some that have no cure at all.” (Rembrandt)

What a troublesome thing they have.

I can somehow understand why elixirs are not cheap. The sorcerer must have to a number of things like materials and catalysts but, the one that suffers the brunt of it is no joke.

“Even in those curses, the one that the madam has been infected with is a level 8 cursed disease. We are suppressing the symptoms temporarily with high priced elixirs but, it is necessary to get the elixir Ambrosia no matter what”

The butler-san muttered with a bitter expression.

Madam huh. I see, a relative of Rembrandt has been infected by a cursed disease. It may be the deed of a business rival.

“We have captured the sorcerer himself and have confirmed that it is level 8. So we made a request in the guild for the eyes. We made that request 3 months ago but we have only gotten one until now, moreover, we have encountered numerous frauds. We were really at our wits end” (Rembrandt)

[And the sorcerer is now?]

“We wanted to make him talk about a way to reduce the symptoms but, he said that his own curse’s formula was perfect. And ‘until the end’ he didn’t tell us anything aside from the level of the curse” (Rembrandt)

Until the end huh. Meaning that he is not in this world anymore. It’s in a serious state of affairs.

[So you were using elixirs to suppress the symptoms while you collected the eyes. Just why did you get targeted by a sorcerer?]

I thought it would be a natural question but Rembrandt-san shakes his head horizontally. From the way they said it, a level 8 must be pretty high. For someone that manages a big company there are many chances to provoke ill will, as expected, is it a grudge?

“… Since the range of the company is wide, there is no way to evade ill will. No matter how well you deal with things. The business rivals that want to ‘partner’ with me number the fifty thousands, it’s a number that we would never be able to pinpoint” (Rembrandt)

“But Danna-sama! For someone to aim at Oku-sama and Ojo-sama, there is a limit to someones cowardice!” <TN: Danna = male master; Oku-sama = madam; Ojo-sama = daughter of high-class family>

“After seeing the solid protection of my bodyguards he must have reached to the conclusion that he couldn’t do anything to me. So he was left with no other choice but to target my wife and daughters, my thoughtlessness is what created this situation” (Rembrandt)

In business as well, when the tasks you have to do gets larger, you will enter the world of politics, or something close to that.

More like, his wife and kids were made targets huh. I can’t imagine the pain of someone that has to watch his family suffer for 3 months. Moreover, even if his opponent are there, he doesn’t have the self-confidence to control it.

This person called Rembrandt, his outward expression, at the very least, looks calm and I thought he was an imposing person that could think things through.

A quite heavy atmosphere along with silence begin to rule the room.

This isn’t a topic that can be discussed. Simply because someone out there wants Rembrandt to suffer.

There isn’t a demand like ‘if you want them to be cured…’, it’s a sudden deathly disease present. How nasty.

“Lately, my wife and 2 daughters have begun to say that they wish to die. I was truly in the depths of despair, but with this we can somehow do one step forward.” (Rembrandt)

Rembrandt lifts his head and looks at me with a smile. That look showed me that he had truly walked through a long and dark road.

It may be because he looks soulless but, even his Kaiser Moustache looked livelier.

Wishing for death huh. If my sisters and parents were in that situation… Kuh! No good, impossible! Stop thinking about it!

[By one step forward you mean?]

“To create the elixir for one person 2 eyes are needed. I have already gathered enough of the other ingredients for 3 people, so with this I can save one” (Rembrandt)

So he has already gathered the other ingredients huh. The last thing he needs is a super rare ingredient, and the cursed don’t show any signs of recuperation.

Certainly, this can be said to be one step forward. To prolong the life of the body at the very least.

[I am glad for that. Is the method for the elixir Ambrosia safe?]

“Yes. There are a number of high level adventurers in Tsige so. If we have the formula and ingredients prepared, it should be fine to just find an alchemist of around level 80.” (Rembrandt)

Oh, even though it’s an important elixir, surprisingly, it can be made by an average person.

[Getting the formula and gathering the ingredients must have been distressing]

“That’s right. In this case, since we have the formula and the ingredients ready for the creation of the Ambrosia, the conditions are so good that we could even charge the alchemist for it. With how the situation is, we are planning on putting it as a normal request though”

If I take what the butler-san said by his word, it must mean that the manufacturing method for the exilir must have a lot value in itself. Certainly, if a specialist does it once, they would be able to remember how it is done.

There must be a lot of people that would want to know the manufacturing process of one of the exilirs that are considered almighty. The ingredients seem to be hard to obtain but, there is no doubt you could sell it for a high price.

N? If that is the case, I should try talking to the proper young man when I return. Or maybe to Mio or one of the Arkes? No, let’s go with the proper young man. Mio is an unknown variable and might cause a problem. The Arkes are still unable to disguise themselves as people.

With the present condition, it is impossible for me to say that I will bring the elixir back so please tell me recipe. I shouldn’t push myself, if that proper young man can do it, there is no problem.

While I am at it, I want to be in presence as well. If I just watch it, I can have Tomoe record it later after all. My memories have, in a sense, lost their privacy. Fufufufu.

[By the way, if it is okay with you, can I also see the creation of the elixir? I have a bit of knowledge in magic so I shouldn’t be in the way. It’s a curse type so we don’t know what will happen until the elixir is taken]

“Fumu… that is…” (Rembrandt)

It may be that he doesn’t want to show the sight of his relatives worn out or to have the manufacturing method spread out unnecessarily, Rembrandt seems to be pondering about it.

But, this already has a set answer. Because I still have 2 cards I haven’t taken out.

[I plan on returning tonight but, I have a friend that is a level 114 alchemy meister. Wouldn’t it save you the trouble if I have him produce it?]

“OH!”

If it’s an alchemy meister then there would be practically no worries!

With this we don’t have to go to the guild and wait for them to accept it!

Is what leaked out from them in a quite good sense. The proper young man will not face any danger, and he wouldn’t refuse decent work.

[Also…]

Saying that, I took a number of red lumps from my bag and left them on the table. They already had one but, since the acquisition ratio was so low they must have left it at that. Well, I will just take them out like this.

The reception room fell into complete silence. Their two eyes had become dots, while I had a complacent smile on my face. How nice, I wanted to grin so badly. It’s hard to restrain oneself.

[Regarding the eyes, I have acquired the proper amount. With this the request is completed, right?]

In an instant.

The two fully grown up men firmly hugged each other and began crying out loud.

With how things were it wasn’t a surprise that the employees rushed into the reception room without any previous notice, but the ones who understood the circumstance, fell onto their feet and began crying and hugged the ones that were closest to them.

It was a scene that thoroughly convinced me that the employees of Rembrandt were truly fond of him.

Waiting for the place to settle down, I received the acknowledgment sign.

‘Tomorrow I will bring the alchemist here’, was what I said and after finishing the meeting arrangements I left the store. At that time, I received a grand farewell by Rembrandt-san and all the employees.

Of course it stood out, A LOT.

I somehow was able to turn around and head for my next destination, the merchant guild.

The sky was beginning to turn red.

It will soon be evening, and yet, my day still continues.





Chapter 35 - Let’s just go to the merchant guild


I finally arrived at the merchant guild.

Even if it’s for something like peddling or supplying the requested item like a stock up store.

To do these things it is obligatory for you to have a guild card that proves that you have joined the merchant guild.

Because if you don’t, you will be chased for being a black-market merchant!

Even though I said that it’s completely necessary…

I just learned today that there is an exam in order to join.

Don’t tell me that the test can only be taken once, okay? Make it so I can take it any number of times, seriously.

Karan* Koron*

The moment I open the door, a sound that reminds of a coffee shop rings out.

From my point of view, the width of the floor to the counter is comparable to that of a convenience store. Taking into account the size of the town, I feel like it’s kind of compact.

The building itself had a second floor and also had depth, the whole size of it was appropriate. And in reality, there aren’t that many people.

It had the atmosphere of a local town’s conference area. A normal day without any festivities (or so I think) looks like this.

At the front there was an Onee-san with a business smile but, seeing my strange appearance, her mouth and eyebrows trembled a bit.

I am glad. If the coat-like armor were completed and I had my full equipment, it would probably not be like this.

But to not lose that smile after seeing my appearance, how professional. It brings me to tears when I say it myself!

Her level is close to that of Rembrandt’s butler. His face didn’t change a single bit after all. With no questions asked, he accepted my written communication.

Next I write, ‘Can you read?’ in the air and for a second she did a startled face.

She soon changed to a smile and responded with an ‘I can’.

“Welcome, what will be your business today?”

[Excuse me, I am thinking about joining the merchant guild though.]

“Join-de gozai masu ka?”

With a puzzled face, the Onee-san tilts her head.

That looks good~ pretty sexy~

She should be around 20 years old. A girl that made me feel a calm charm, the actress-san named… I forgot her name but, she looks like her.

Well, everyone in this world looks like a performer so it’s an obvious thing. I should seriously stop comparing them.

Besides, they are extremely low in numbers but, since the time I came to Tsige I have seen people that are close to my appearance.

… They were beast people though. Moles and raccoons.

“From what I see, you are a magician right? Pardon my rudeness but, are you currently working somewhere?”

[No, right now I am only registered as an adventurer.]

The word adventurer is convenient. It has the same vibes as saying ‘part-time worker’. Though for some reason, adventurer sounds a lot better.

“An adventurer…? That means, you are not at any company and are a total newbie that has come to join, right?”

[Yes, I luckily found some unusual articles and thought about trying business myself so, I came here.]

“If it’s that, you can also use a trading route by selling them to us”

So one can also use a trading route in order to obtain money. What a special world, or am I just ignorant?

In this world it must be normal. From how she looks, I don’t think this is a special case or anything.

However, it is true that I want to become a merchant so, I have to tell her firmly that I want to become a member.

[No thanks, I prefer living my life as a merchant than an adventurer.]

“But, if you hide your face like that and are unable to speak in the common language, even if you pass the exam and the other requirements, in the world of business where trust is life, something like this is…”

…?

What, there is a problem, or more like, she is worrying about what would be ahead because of my appearance. Isn’t she quite the good person?

Even if I am unable to estimate feelings by the nuances in her words, I can estimate them from the body language and expression. I can’t feel any hidden meaning behind it. That I thought her hesitation was because of malice was because of my own preconception. How shameful.

It has only been a while since I was thought of as a swindler at the Rembrandt store.

[Thank you for your worry. I have two followers with me so, in the worst case, I am even thinking about not appearing in public myself. More importantly, can I hear about that exam and the various requirements?]

“Followers huh, I see. It was only my needless anxiety so there is no need for you to thank me. I am sorry for my rudeness.”

And after that, the Onee-san explained me the details of the exam and the other requirements.

The exam can be taken at any time and when it is off-season, there are times when a person wants to take the exam. The season refers to the early summer times where a number of big companies take the exam at the same time. And there are also a lot of new people that take the test for the first time at those seasons.

The season right now is fall so, there aren’t that many taking the exams. I am truly grateful that I can take it at any time.

The exam has two stages and it is composed of written and supply of materials. The written is basic knowledge and the supplying is to check your practical skills as a merchant, or so it seems.

For the written exam there is a book provided by the guild and you are able to study beforehand. But the textbook is an encyclopedia. It is used as a reference book and it is not made to only be a study material for the exam.

The other requirements are the exam charge, the deposit money, the initial year of guild membership, in other words, money. As expected of a place that lives as a business, it seems that if you don’t have a certain amount of ability in finances you will not be allowed to join.

You can take the exam as many times as you want but, the cost for the exam is charged each time you take it and the ones that fail are unable to take it for half a year. If you fail it 1-2 times the people that fail come here at the early summer as repeaters.

Fumu, so when you fail once you can’t take it for half a year.

Then it would be bad to take it now just to test it.

[Then, can I have one of those textbooks?]

“Ah, yes. One will be 2 gold.”

Expensive! Are you telling me this costs 20,000 yen?!

What kind of scholarship book is this?!

No, wait.

Mumumumumu~

I see. In this world, the paper doesn’t circulate that much. The book itself is pretty high priced.

Moreover, the books that were at Rembrandt-san’s place were in tatters and I tried reading them but they were like manuscripts.

I didn’t ask the price of those but, they must have been pretty pricey as well.

Damn it… I have no choice.

“Um, you don’t have to force yourself to buy it, you can also hire someone from another company to teach you”

Seeing my trembling appearance after hearing the price, she must have thought that I didn’t have the money. The Onee-san made a wry smile and proposed an alternative plan.

But with that method there is the issue of how much that information is accurate.

Even if you tell me that you can also learn practical skills, as a short term mean, it’s not recommended. I plan on making this town my first base so I will be staying here for a while though.

Well it’s fine. If I know that it is worth the price then I will pay for it. I still have a lot of money left from when I sold that jewel box

I still have to collect the expenditure tax for the collection of the Rubee-eye’s eyes (there is no concept of expenditure tax in this world though) so, I can easily pay this and it won’t hurt me at all. I am planning on receiving it tomorrow after all.

Since the time I came to this world I haven’t tasted the feeling of being poor… That is one of the few good things.

[No, it’s fine. 2 gold coins right? Then with this…]

I calmly take out 2 gold coins and give them to her.

The Onee-san may have been surprised that her eyes to evaluate people were wrong, she had an astonished face while taking the money and giving me the book.

Let’s see… What kind of contents does it have?

Flip* Flip* Flip*~

Flip* Flip* Flip*~

Flip*~

Eh?

This is…

Flip* Flip* Flip* Flip* Flip*~

Close*

[Uhm, can I take the exam right now?]

“HA?!”

The reception Onee-san unintentionally lets out a loud voice that resounded in the whole guild.





Chapter 36 - Mandatory education is greatness


“I did it~ I have done it~ ♪”

At the time when the moon showed its shape clearly in the sky.

I had taken some luggage I had in the lodging, placed it in a box and was now carrying it to the merchant guild.

Written exam, succeeded~♪

That exam, for me who has taken the mandatory education* in Japan, was completely easy*. <TN: A practice in Japan where they learn the responsibilities of a human being>

There was a part where you had to do memorization, but I easily memorized it in the time the exam was being prepared.

There was a part which gave you problems that could barely be called math, a part where they asked you about management, and a memorization part where they gave you questions regarding the license.

But the calculation part was clearly the highest priority, as it took most of the exam while the memorization part was lowest. This was truly an exam made for me.

If you are a member of the merchant guild, the items that you are able to handle are numerous and there are only a few things that are restricted. That’s great.

Luckily, the memorization parts where I skimmed through were in the exam. I was able to finish it in half the time that was provided.

They seem to be in a pretty sloppy stage of accounting as I was easily able to solve them all, it was child’s play-DEATH.

I already knew the units of conversion between gold to copper as well, after all.

The examiner was trembling while he checked the paper and with wide eyes he told me, “You passed”. The face he had was priceless.

That this level of an exam normally takes several years to study for, must be because there are no such things as ‘schools’ in this world. If there are any, then they must be in a pretty special categorization.

Since it was such an unbelievable perfect score, they didn’t subtract the fee for the exam, but instead allowed me to freely pay by installments. I was planning on paying it all at once anyways so it didn’t affect me at all though. I am glad there was another privilege.

They told me that I was able to do the supply exam as soon as I wanted to and that I would be given a task of acquiring items in a set amount of time. If I am able to complete the task, I will pass the exam.

When I heard that I could take it at any time, I told them that “I will be doing this for a ‘while longer’ (this part is vague for me who is from a different world). Seeing the task, I quickly returned to the inn and from the materials that I got in the borders, I randomly packed in a box the ones that I had divided before and carried it with me.

I was carrying a box the size of an orange container and in it there were a number of medium to small sized materials. It’s a wooden box, so it was a bit heavier than a cardboard box, but since I have a haipa bodeh~*, this way was more comfortable for me.

“In total there are 4 materials, or I can also bring materials that have a higher value than the ones that are listed here?”

The 4 materials that were listed, honestly, I have never heard of them before.

But there was an examiner there. He told me that I had bad luck.

He said that the supplying exam also relies on luck, I had to take out a ballot with a number written on it and depending on that number I had to acquire the articles.

From within those, it seems that I had drawn out the super difficult one that required expensive materials, moreover, I had to bring four of them.

Hahuahua, I already knew I had no luck!

Is what I thought until…

“If you don’t have connections with adventurers that are at least level 50, this task cannot be completed.”

The examiner said this.

For a merchant to go outside and get them, is close to impossible. There is a need to have an adventurer that has a considerable level, and of course, it will cost a lot of money to hire him. And that is why he must have thought it would be impossible.

However, he said that it would be fine to bring something that has a higher worth. It’s written here as well so.

Then if it’s the mamonos in the borders that are impossible for a level 50 to fight against, I should definitely be okay. I have taken quite a large amount of materials with me as well.

For the minimum level to enter the borders to be level 95, just what kind of high-class net game hunting ground is that?

It truly tells me of how reckless Toa-san and the others are~. Being in a base where you barely reach the level, I can understand why they were practically gambling with their lives when they went hunting.

In any case.

I am lucky! I have gotten the passing mark in the same day!

“I have arri~ved!!” (Makoto)

I say ‘arrived’ in the Japanese language that no one should be able to understand unintentionally.

The lights are still on and I can feel the presence of people too. So close!

[Hello, it’s Raidou though…]

“Ara? Raidou-san, I thought you were in the middle of the supplying exam?”

[Yeah, I have finished already so please confirm it?]

“… Ha?!”

This is the second time that the Onee-san cries out in a loud voice that resounds through the whole guild.

[As I was saying, I have gotten 4 materials that are worth higher than the ones assigned. So please confirm it?]

“Wa, yes! Please wait for a bit! Examiner! Examiner~!”

It looks like the Onee-san noisily stops the Oji-san* that was walking at the other side of the corridor. <TL: Oji-san = Old man>

Oh, it is certainly that person. The one that said “perfect score”, as if he was wringing the words out.

Otto, it seems the two of them returned. Are they going to confirm it at the reception?

I thought we would be going to the exam room again.

“Raidou-kun? You, it hasn’t been long since the time you were given the task. Please don’t do irresponsible…”

[Yes, please confirm]

I take off the cover. There were around 8 materials that I had packed inside. I packed some small things as well, just in case.

“N? Nnn?!”

[How is it? I think they are things that have more worth than the ones from the task]

“You, from where did you obtain this?!”

[A few days ago, I received them from the adventurers that I had accompanied from the borders.]

“All of this?! Just who in the world is that person?!”

[A party that has a shadow thief called Toa-san. I heard that they had sold their materials a few days ago though?]

The examiner looks firmly at the Onee-san.

The Onee-san nimbly takes out a thick account book-looking file and begins to read it, she soon finds the place she was looking for.

“Certainly. Early today, they went to the commerce area, also known as the material trading center, and sold a large amount of important materials. One part of the materials were brought to the compound and others to the endowment areas.”

“So it’s those!”

The Oji-san is holding his head. It looks like he is secretly feeling mortified by the fact that I will be able to easily finish this assignment.

[Yes.]

“… You said your name was Raidou-kun, right?”

[Yes.]

“Congratulations, you have passed with flying colors”

[Yay, I am so happy!]

“… You don’t look that happy to me though. You are the first one to plunge in the merchant exam and pass it in the same day. Seriously. What an outrageous thing”

There is no way I am not happy. But, since I wrote that it was easier than I thought, he must have thought that I wasn’t happy.

[Thank you very much.]

“I will have it so that the guild issues you your guild card by tomorrow noon. The things regarding the card’s functions and the rules, will be told at the time you receive it. Are you fine with tomorrow?”

[There is no problem.]

“Understood. Then… Girl, I ask you to take care of the preparations.”

After asking the Onee-san to handle it, the examiner Oji-san unsteadily walks away, he even looked as if he were sleepwalking.

Maybe, I did something considerable? Well, I wanted to get it fast so I don’t mind.

I am also interested in the adventurer card’s functions, but I want to get this one’s as fast as possible.

I didn’t want to just say ‘uh huh’ to exam studies. Because it would revive bitter memories of my previous world.

“I am surprised! You were on the upper-class side huh! To think you would pass”

I have ranked up in Onee-san’s eyes! Umu, this is how one gets promoted in the stairs of humanity.

[Nah, I was just lucky. I was able to pass with the knowledge I already had after all]

“Fufufu, you are quite modest. These are the entry forms. What do you want to do about the deposit money and the cost of the first year of membership?”

‘Are you going to pay a small amount of it right now?’, is what she must be trying to say.

[I will pay it all right now. The deposit money is 10 gold and the guild fee is 1 gold, right?]

This money is something that one should get after getting higher achievements or so it seems. Meaning that, it is impossible for merchants in their initial stage to pay it.

Well, they can pay by installments, so they are not that ruthless. They may want to ask about the current state of affairs when they come the guild to pay and report their progress though.

“All at once, huh? Yeah, certainly. Seriously, what are you, Raidou-san?”

Is what she said.

It must be because I stood out, she seems to have taken an interest in me. This is an obvious thing though.

[Even if you ask me, “what am I?” I think that I am not that out of the ordinary though. Aside from the fact that I talk this way…]

While she points at my mask, I continue to fill the entry form.

“There aren’t that many people wearing masks after all~… Is it fine if I ask you?”

Her curiosity is so clear. But for a beauty to take an interest in me, honestly, makes me happy. This kind of emotion is, as expected, still the same as in my previous world.

[It is something that happened when I was small, so I don’t remember it that well. It seems that I was the target of some kind of curse. So the mask is negating that curse, but now I am unable to take it off, is what this mask means.]

“A-A curse you say?”

[Yeah, thanks to that, I can’t speak the common language and am forced to speak with writing like this. It’s a blessing that I can use magic.]

“T-That is unfortunate of you. I hope you can take off your mask soon.”

As usual, once I talk about the curse, the person draws back. There are dangerous things like cursed diseases. They must be scared of a curse they don’t know about.

[Thanks. I can speak in other languages that are not common language, I can speak with the demi-humans and ones that are able to wield magic.]

The ancient language that is used in magic and the spirit one that is used in pacts, the elf and dwarfs, it may be because they were treated as mamono in the past but, I can speak their language as well.

It’s really only the hyumans that I can’t speak with! That damn Goddess, I will one day change this messed up system of yours!

“Heh~. This may be something that can help you a great deal when you are running your business. You may be able to deal with items that don’t circulate that much in hyuman territory after all.”

[Yeah, I am looking forward to the future of this business. Alright, these are all the forms I have to fill right?]

“Ah, yes! Eh~ let’s see, okay, there are no problems. It is beautifully written in common language! Uhm, and…”

[Then, it’s already late so. I will come here again tomorrow.]

I forcefully cut off the girl that was still going to continue her questions, and left the guild.

I was able to pass the guild exam on the same day. I hope that this can become the first step to living as a merchant.

Grumble~*. As expected, I am already hungry.

I was eating a few snacks on the way, but I haven’t eaten a proper meal yet.

Without caring that it was an evening meal, I entered an establishment that didn’t have that many customers, and in one of the seats at the far back, I ordered a fruit juice. I was so hungry that I wanted to have at least something in my stomach in the meantime.

N~. A call from Toa-san and the others… has not come.

I have told them my address, so if they are going to visit me I should receive a call. It seems that it’s still fine for now.

Well, I am the one that has business with them so, it is unsure if I am going to get a call from the guys that want the address of Mio and Tomoe though.

Fumu, it’s yellow. The taste of citrus fruit types.

It’s an unexpected banana flavor. I have confirmed that I don’t like banana juice much. Uh?

“Did you hear? The forest soon after you enter the borders…”

“Yeah, it seems that people don’t return from there. A request was made!”

“No, not that one. The one after that. I heard that the people that went to investigate haven’t returned. The rank of the request is jumping up!”

Wa?

I concentrate my ears on the gossip I heard. The forest that comes right after you enter the borders? Is it the direction where I was attacked by the Rubee-eyes and Size Ants?

Sounds dangerous. The people are disappearing one after the other in the vicinities of town.

Well, since they are saying that the rank is going up means that I got nothing to do about it. I am a D rank. If I am not a rank C at the very least, I won’t even be allowed to enter. For the adventurers to fulfill the requirement of both rank and level must be troublesome. That’s why there exist idiots that try to enter without authorization though.

Thinking about it, leaving aside the rank, the adventurers that don’t think about the level and decide to enter the wasteland thinking that they will pass a good time there; as people, they have a loose screw. They are just big idiots that don’t know the value of life. The ranks and levels exist so that the adventurers don’t die meaninglessly.

From the gossip that I heard, they said something about a ‘request’ so, there must be something in there that the people that entered legitimately can’t handle. It is to the point that you would recommend the people that are debuting in the wasteland to not get close there. Who cares about the ones that enter illegally?

Maybe there is a strong mamono that has appeared in the deepest parts of the forest and has made a nest there.

There were certainly a good amount of mamono that had a peculiar atmosphere in the vicinities. For the forever alone me that has never encountered anything in that place, it was actually a happy event though. There were some guys that didn’t get close because of Mio and Tomoe so, it felt like I was in a safari park and it was fun. However, if Toa-san and the others were to encounter them, they may have a hard fight, or they may even be annihilated. They are existences that surpass the cap of the guild in Tsige. It’s no wonder that people are dying one after the other.

Now, what should I do from now on? I am someone that doesn’t like to waste food, so I finished the juice that I didn’t like. If I get used to it, it might be unexpectedly good.

In the present state there is nothing else I can do about the curse disease of Rembrandt-san. The one who did it is not here anymore, I want to find the true culprit and have him regret the fact that he was born, but it’s the tail that even the big company’s connection network and pros couldn’t find. It’s a bit impossible for me who can’t get a good grasp of the land. If I had the hero attribute I would encounter an event regarding this, but it won’t go as one would want. Just that, if that person is constantly observing the movements of Rembrandt, the culprit must have learned of my existence and there is a chance that he will try to do something to me. I am being a ‘bit’ on guard and inviting the enemy to do something, so there should be no problems.

In the moment I am involved, I may not be Tomoe, but maybe I should go peerless Shogun-sama mode? Kukukukuku.

There is no doubt that I will pile up more stress but… I should take a look at the situation of Asora for a bit.

I did this early in the morning, but I left Mio there for a whole day so I am a bit worried that she had some sort of blunder.





Chapter 37 - Et tu, Mio?


I was forgetting it, but I am the master.

It is fine to go to Asora, but since there is a chance, let’s call Tomoe and Mio and have dinner first.

That’s right, why should I be going to where they are to hear their reports every time? It should be them coming to report to me! In this world, there is something called thought connection and it’s a skill that doesn’t burden the receivers in any way, Tomoe and Mio can use that skill!

Okay, then those two…

At the moment when I was thinking about opening a transmission…

(Waka! Waka! Are you okay?!)

I heard the voice of a troublemaker that I hadn’t heard for a long time.

With a timing that told me that there was something going on.

(Yes, yes, what happened~?) (Makoto)

(What’s with that unmotivated attitude?!) (Tomoe)

(Eh~? If I hear the voice of a person I haven’t heard for so long, moreover, in a loud voice asking me if I am okay, then~… I was busy but, do you need something~?) (Makoto)

I push all dissatisfaction I had onto her.

Seriously, for the person that left the report I had ordered her to do to the orcs and disappeared with no previous notice, your attitude is too conceited!

(Mu, muu. Regarding that, I was making sure to get some results before reporting to you. It was a success-ja! For that reason, I needed the time-ja Waka~!) (Tomoe)

I wonder about that~.

She is the type that would go without eating just to buy a newly produced game after all. Even if you tell me that you tried your best, it doesn’t convince me at all.

You are the type of person that would say, ‘I can make rice’ with a straight face after all.

(And? What is the urgent business you have with me?) (Makoto)

(Yeah, I want you to come to Asora as soon as possible. Mio is in serious trouble-ja!) (Tomoe)

Mio?

… Now that she mentions it, Mio hasn’t gotten in touch with me since the time I left her.

In situations similar to this, she would call me once every 30 minutes with thought transmission just to talk with me after all.

Don’t tell me…

Did my magic power that was inside of her dry up and she has gone wild?!

(Don’t tell me she returned to being a spider and has begun going wild?!) (Makoto)

(It’s not such a lukewarm situation! It’s the opposite-ja! Ei, Waka, just come here! If there is a person that can handle this, it’s only Waka-ja!) (Tomoe)

A situation that is even worse than that?! What does she mean by opposite?!

Ah~, geez!

While being overwhelmed with these emotions, I quickly enter an alley and after checking for any possible people around, I summon the mist gate.

If I remember correctly, Mio should be at a material warehouse.

I asked her to organize that place after all.

“Tomoe-san! Continue, continue quickly!”

“Mio, let’s finish this for today, okay? Look, the outside is already dark. It’s the time where you can meet with Waka again right?” (Tomoe)

“Then it should be fine to continue until he comes back-desu!” (Mio)

“Ei, how long do you think I have been doing this?! This is the end, the end!” (Tomoe)

“… Ara ara. Is that so? Then, I will be filling this crystal board that I don’t understand, with scratches okay?” (Mio)

Mio takes out a transparent board that had the size of an A4 paper. And she said that while slowly moving the iron-ribbed fan to it.

Tomoe lets out a “Waa!” and other strange things that didn’t make sense while wriggling her body in agony.

“You! Mio! That is the commercia cut that I went through all the trouble of removing the noise, the second volume of Mitokoumon Tokaido!” (Tomoe)

“I want to see the continuation desu wa~ I really~ want to watch the continuation desu wa~” (Mio)

“O-O-Oh! W-Wait, don’t do anything rash! Besides, if you do something like that, I will never cooperate with you anymore! Is that okay with you?!” (Tomoe)

“No way! If something like that happens, I… I will be shocked to a point where I would eat everyone here-desu wa!” (Mio)

“W-W-W-What?!” (Tomoe)

… What the hell is going on?

It seems that Mio is badgering about something, and Tomoe is trying to stop her?

This is the place where Tomoe is regulating the images of my memories, or so she told me.

Well, it must be something like a library or a data room.

In such a place, the 2 top class people of Asora are bickering as if they were children.

And she said that she removed the noise of a CM cut? Just what kind of video studio operator are you?

I wonder in what state are my memories right now.

Still, if that 1 board has 1 whole volume of Mitokoumon, then it would be a capacity that would even surprise the modern era. So that is the rumored super-crystal huh. Is it a valuable article like the Herkimer diamond? <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herkimer_diamond>

No no no.

Right now is not the time for that.

Uhm, is there no one else here?

Oh, how unusual. The Arke-san is here.

“Hey, what in the world is going on here?” (Makoto)

“Waka-sama, we, in the place where we met Waka-sama, were doing the organization and classification with Mio-sama”

Oh? The smattering words have become decent now. Impressive, you guys even learned the common language fast.

Even when I tried so hard to learn it I couldn’t. It makes me want to sulk.

“Yeah, and?” (Makoto)

“In the middle of it, Tomoe-sama returned and began something called appreciation”

Appreciation? Ah, art appreciation huh.

Hey, Tomoe. Don’t you have a lot of work piled up?

I ask of you, for someone that stands on the top, please, act as !

“And Mio joined in…”

Heeey! You are an accomplice as well?!

“But after rebuking Tomoe-sama, she soon returned to work”

Oh, what an exemplar thing to do. Then, what is with this situation?

“Mio-sama went to the data that was over there to organize it”

Ah, if I remember correctly, that is the part Tomoe said were the miscellaneous images of my memories.

I have said it a lot of times but, that skill is pretty convenient. You can scan the life of a person you have met and you can store and watch it without having the memories deteriorate.

It seems you can’t read the emotions the person had at that time, but being able to store all the memories that you have experienced, is way too awesome.

Depending on the use, it could be even more powerful than the ability that Tsukuyomi-sama gave me.

Hah~, the explanation of the Arke-san is long. He is smattering while trying his best to talk with me in a polite manner, this gives me a good impression but…

When will you arrive at the main point?

“And then, it became like this.”

Eeeeh?!

Didn’t you omit all the important parts?!

“Mio-sama turned stiff at that part. She dragged Tomoe-sama there. And that is how it became like this”

I don’t understand the meaning.

I said my thanks to them, and headed to the two ‘loyal’ followers that were there.

Now that it has come to this, I should ask the people involved to tell me what is going on.

“Tomoe, I have come. What is going on?” (Makoto)

A truly annoyed voice came out from me. Well, there is no helping it. It was an annoyed voice that surprised even me.

“O-Oh! Waka! Good thing you have come! Please stop this idiot!” (Tomoe)

“No, Waka-sama. For Tomoe-san to be the only one that can pass such a good time, isn’t that something called favoritism?!” (Mio)

“What are you talking about?! This is a justifiable enjoyment that Waka has allowed me to do-ja!” (Tomoe)

For Tomoe only? Allowed?

Hey hey, don’t tell me that…

Following after Tomoe, Mio has also been enraptured by history dramas. That would be severe.

Ah~, if what Mio is using as threat is a video of Mitokoumon, then that can’t be the case.

But, judging from their conversation, it has something to do with my memories though.

“Calm down!” (Makoto)

I reflexively shout.

Two young blooming (looking) women shouldn’t be bickering like they were kids!

Furthermore, why should I be the one mediating?!

The data room turns silent.

“Ehem, so you have calmed down huh. Then Mio, first of all, return that to Tomoe” (Makoto)

“… Yes. I am sorry” (Mio)

“Okay. That’s good” (Tomoe)

Tomoe has a pleased face as she hugs the Mitokoumon board.

“And, Tomoe. Explain to me what is going on here. Especially the part about why I have to come here to resolve your quarrel” (Makoto)

“Uh. Well, you see. By the time I came here in the afternoon, these people were already here so…” (Tomoe)

“First of all, that part is strange. Why did the person that I have ordered several things to do, would come here first without even giving me a single report? Shouldn’t you be going to where I am first?” (Makoto)

“E-Ehm~. There were a few things I wanted to confirm…” (Tomoe)

“Appreciation to the history dramas?” (Makoto)

“Geh! Well~, what great wisdom you hold” (Tomoe)

Tomoe-san is *monyo monyo* and squirming about.

So you were going ‘let’s take a break before reporting~’ huh.

Why is it that I am surrounded by such easy-going people like these? Geez.

“And then, why is Mio…, n, what is this?” (Makoto)

My eyes catch sight of a nostalgic video.

If I remember correctly, this is an event in the mornings.

Suupah Hirou Taimu! <Super hero time!>

It’s that kind of event. The time where the people wear ranger costumes and masks.

Did they show history dramas at that time?

If they were transmitting it, it would be in the early mornings though?

“Waka, that’s it-de gozai masu. The reason” (Tomoe)

“Tomoe? What is with that worn-out face?” (Makoto)

“Mio is… Mio is using me as if I were a consumer electronic!” (Tomoe)

Crying *yo yo yo*, Tomoe crumbled down onto the floor.

W-What is this? Electronic you say, Tomoe-san, just how modern do you plan to become?!

No wait, let’s leave that for later.

There is no lie in her awfully exhausted appearance.

And, Mio is making a fake smile like that of a child who has done a prank and is trying to hide it.

“Waka-sama, I heard that you gave Tomoe the permission to watch history dramas. When we talk about Tomoe-san, it comes to light that she did her mission without following the procedures properly and ends up immersing herself in her video editing.” (Mio)

She returned but she didn’t contact anyone because she was immersing herself in editing her video, I see. What kind of otaku are you?

“Yeah, that is a problem.” (Makoto)

“But! For something as fascinating as this, I can understand why she is like that.” (Mio)

The turn of affairs seems suspicious~.

“As a follower, for the first time, I, will be asking Waka-sama something! Please give me permission to watch as well!” (Mio)

More like, aren’t you already watching it? Before even asking for the permission.

I see, they got me good. This was the reason for the negotiations with Tomoe.

I made it so Tomoe couldn’t see a part of my memories.

… That is why Tomoe is able to watch the memories that I ‘haven’t prohibited’ her to. And she can edit them. Without even a PC, what a skillful person.

And, Mio saw something in the TV of my everyday life memories and got hooked to it.

Mio.

What I asked of you was to try and deal with the documents and petitions since you were able to understand the language~.

Even if she can’t read the Japanese characters. Since she is able to understand the way it’s spoken, I thought she would be able to handle it, but…

What the hell?

“History dramas? I don’t really mind.” (Makoto)

“Not that! I don’t have interest in such a thing!” (Mio)

“You, Mio! What do you mean by ‘such a thing’-ja?! You are being rude! That is the truest essence of Japanese culture!” (Tomoe)

What? So Mio got hooked with something different huh. Let’s push aside the complaint of Tomoe. More like, Japanese you say, I am somewhat trying to keep it a secret you know? Since my memories have been read, it is just a matter of time though. Right now I am managing it by saying that I am from a faraway country.

For now, the only ones that have seen my raw memories are Mio and the Arkes, and also Tomoe.

Something different huh…

This is… anime?

Hey. Heyheyhey hey hey!

This, you, that, seriously?!

“Mio, you want to watch this?” (Makoto)

This is a series which doesn’t lose in length to that of Tomoe.

“Yes. I want to have the permission to watch this-desu!” (Mio)

She has a face filled with motivation! However, me. Why did you compile a series of this? I don’t remember having this in my collection.

I see, that person. A friend of archery at the summer of last year, forced me to watch it! It was practically torture! It was an endurance race where I was enclosed in an AV room with air conditioning!

T-The more I remember, the bitter of a memory it becomes. I should have done something to him as revenge. However, a normal high school student shouldn’t have the assets to buy a DVD compilation series. I don’t have that kind of money! Damn you rich brat!

“… I get it. Tomoe, show this to Mio. I am already tired. I am going to sleep.” (Makoto)

“Wa-Waka?! Is it okay? More like, my own time will be reduc-!” (Tomoe)

“I am truly grateful, Waka-sama!!” (Mio)

“Oh~…… Those are called anime and they are drawings that move. Please try to differentiate it from reality~. For Tomoe, the report~”

Along with the report, I still have a lot of things I have to talk about after all.

I will be a merchant from now on you know? Of course, these two will be my followers. They will be like employees.

However, one of them is a samurai or a brigand, or whatever she thinks she is and she is also a history drama otaku. And the other one is inexperienced in society and now she is even hooked on such a thing.

The prospects look grim.

I will have Tomoe report to me in a different room, by the time I finished lecturing her about her sudden disappearance, I was already thoroughly tired both mentally and physically.

It would be troublesome if they discovered that I was not at the inn, so pushing myself, I brought my body to the inn’s room. It had already became night. No, it could even be called late night.

The nights in here become silent pretty fast.

There aren’t many people that spend all night making a racket.

This town welcomes the silence of the night unexpectedly fast. That is why, it may still be 9-10 p.m but the atmosphere is that of late night.

There are a lot of bars lined up close to the inns, they are leaving the lights on at a relatively late hour but, they are right now disappearing. In a bigger town there may be places of entertainment that are like the nightless cities though.

“I am tired~” (Makoto)

I open the window of the room and say a monologue to the outside.

The chair that I was sitting on, was one of those that would rock back and forth.

This was unexpectedly pleasant. I like it. It gives a much needed respite to my weakened heart.

It was truly a day where I moved around everywhere.

It has really been a long time since I have been this tired, both mentally and physically.

I casually look at the inside of the room.

There were two beds and one large couch.

Normally, one of the followers should be sleeping in the couch while switching, but the two of them were going *suya suya* and sleeping comfortably in both beds.

~ A past event ~

“I don’t mind if you come sleep with any of us-desu zo.” (Tomoe)

“*Nod Nod*!” (Mio)

—

Like I can do that!

Today was a long day so I should just go sleep. That’s right, it’s definite. I am supposed to be a healthy high school boy, but for some reason, I don’t feel any sexual desire for those two. Maybe it’s because I know their original forms, or it might be because they are extremely problematic children.

Might as well pass the night while walking outside. Passing the night while looking at the faint moon in the sky, how refreshing. It reminds me of Tsukuyomi-sama after all. And it also reminds me of the Bug, so the balance comes to zero.

That Goddess. She seems to have spoken with Tsukuyomi-sama, maybe she is a God that is related to the moon? No way, I don’t want her to rule over the moon. Without any meaning to trigger a flag, I seriously pray that that is not the case.

I have already contacted the proper young man. Tomorrow we will be meeting at the front of the adventurer’s guild.

‘To be able to produce one of the elixirs, Ambrosia!’, is what he said passionately and consented to it.

The other members, seem to be taking a rest tomorrow.

‘This place is so calming, since we are going to be staying here, we will be looking for a cheap and relaxing inn’, is what they said.

We are also going to be staying here for a while, so maybe we should rent a house, if it’s possible I want to find something that resembles an apartment.

Since I plan on being a merchant, I will need a carriage and a storehouse where I can deposit my goods.

The things I have to do are clear, so tomorrow and the day after tomorrow will be busy days.

I can tell that it will be a while before I can relax.

The slightly cold autumn breeze envelops my body and gently permeates it. Leaving aside if there is actually something called autumn here, it is just a feeling I have.

“I am actually thinking that I should have a level-headed mind but…” (Makoto)

A self-deprecating voice. I didn’t want to feel depressed, so I tried to avoid that topic though.

“I am troubled by the fact that my two followers awakened to two outrageous hobbies-de gozaru. I don’t like it-de gozaru” (Makoto)

In the end, I trembled slightly at the autumn night as I whispered while trying to escape reality. I fell into deep thinking.

About the blue follower that had a sword fight hobby, and the black follower that has awakened to a new hobby, and me who will become a victim of those.

Let’s sleep. Let’s just sleep.

—-

Author note:

Now, a quiz-desu. What was Mio hooked by?

Nah, that’s a joke. There is practically no hint, moreover, I don’t have plans on saying it until a later time so. ^^;

I-It’s not like I don’t have something clear in mind okay?!





Chapter 38 - Is the elixir supposed to be boiled?


The Rembrandt Company seems to be bigger than I originally thought.

The place I went to last time was only a store. I thought that place was a store and a residence at the same time!

Today we are going to compound the elixir. Now, let’s watch the proper young man in his natural habitat, alchemy.

I was going in an unusually relaxed manner to the Rembrandt residence but…

Their plans were speedier than what I thought they would be.

They are going to have the compounding done as soon as possible and administer the dosage.

As expected, since they were told something that wasn’t planned, they were impatient.

The image of alchemy here is to use a giant pot or vase to throw a lot of things in it and wait for it to boil for a long time.

I won’t say that it reminds me of witches.

Is he okay with showing two adventurers like us his ill wife and two daughters?

I don’t know the conduct of this world though.

I feel like a girl would hate to be seen by an unknown male in a state where they can’t even put on make-up properly.

Is it really okay? The husband and father, Rembrandt-san, gave his okay, so it shouldn’t become a serious thing.

Umu~

However, when I use my two followers as standards, there is no such word as needless anxiety in this world.

The merchants are probably the sane type. I am scared but, let’s believe in that.

“Raidou-san, it is my miss that I jumped to the elixir talk and didn’t ask the circumstances. But you know, I would have liked if you said that it was the Rembrandt Company beforehand!”

The proper man was nervously talking to me in the reception room.

Hearing the name of the elixir, he gave me an immediate okay, so it is truly his miss for not asking first. Honestly speaking, there was no fault in me.

By the way, it was out of my expectations that the Rembrandt Company was a pretty established name, moreover, an extremely rich one.

Thinking about it, it was not just a well-established one, but a major company as well. Geez, if I had previous knowledge of how their residence looked, I would have come better dressed.

I should have just asked the dwarfs to mend those experimental clothes. To have the same clothing as when I am travelling is clearly inappropriate.

We are waiting in a reception room that is even bigger than my inn, sitting on a sofa that felt as if we could sink in it.

The drink that was on the table in front of me had a smell of syrup.

I, who normally spreads out a search perimeter in my surroundings, am not doing it. Or more like, I basically don’t do it indoors.

Outside I would pay attention to the houses and presences in my surroundings, at interiors, even if I search for strange presences, I don’t research the insides of the building itself.

I think this is half-assed, but I was raised in a world where privacy is strict and because of that I practice restraint.

Furthermore, inside this residence there is a wife and two daughters in an ill state.

As expected, I wouldn’t feel good hearing their conversations or watching them.

[This is my first time in Tsige, so I didn’t know about the Rembrandt Company]

“… Hah~, now that you mention it. Well, I am sorry. In this Tsige, it is a pretty big name. It is to a point where I would honestly have a hard time staying here if he were to glare at me.”

[I see. If that’s the case then, it is natural for you to be nervous]

“That’s right! Moreover, a request to produce the elixir, Ambrosia! Even though the manufacturing method has already been prepared, I haven’t been able to calm myself since a while ago…”

Will there be retribution if it happens to fail? No, in normal cases there shouldn’t be.

Because he is a merchant you know? Not the mafia. And the said person looks more of a martial artist than a merchant, the suit doesn’t match him that well.

…, no wait, wouldn’t he look unexpectedly good if he were to wear one? The thick-chested sport players do look good in suits so.

[It should be fine. They did say that if there was a level 80 it would be easy to produce]

“The elixir Ambrosia. I have heard that it’s an almighty medication made from the nectar of the Kanbana Ambrosia. Just what kind of production method does it have and what type will it come out as?” <秘薬アンブローシア、古くは神花アンブロシアから採れた蜜を主原料にされた万能系の解毒薬と聞いていますが。一体どういうもので精製方法はどのタイプになるのか>

He is mumbling by himself and entering his own little world, saying, ‘it’s not like this and neither like this…’

It’s to a point where I would want a follow for the ‘it will be alright’ consolation I gave him, geez.

Rembrandt-san and the butler-san haven’t arrived yet.

How long are they planning on having us wait in this mansion?

I had already drunk about half of my drink (Probably a type of tea) and the moment it was beginning to cool down, a maid-san came and changed it to a new one with perfect skills.

They have already confirmed the level and job of the young man with his guild card, so there should be no issues but…

Hn, what was the name of the young man that has a pale face?

I can’t remember it no matter how hard I tried. I really shouldn’t have drunk that much in the first day that I arrived here.

I remember the names of Toa and Rinon though~. The other members, I have a vague recollection of… No, sorry, I actually don’t remember.

“I apologize for making you wait”

Finally hearing the sound of the door opening, we turn to look at the source.

Rembrandt-shi and his butler-san.

Finally.

“We have prepared everything so we have come to receive you. The facilities are in the basement, so I will guide you there”

“If I remember correctly, Raidou-dono will also be observing. Please go along with Hazaru-dono” (Rembrandt)

[Rembrandt-san will not be coming?]

“I will be going to where my wife and daughters are first. I will be guiding you when the elixir is done, so let’s meet at that point in time.” (Rembrandt)

He must want to stay by the side of his relatives that are going to be healed.

Well of course, if there is a butler that you can trust in, it would be better to stay with your relatives instead of looking at the production of a medicine you wouldn’t understand anything about. He can also give them peace of mind after all.

[I understand. Then, let’s meet at a later time]

I personally have an interest in alchemy. I don’t think that watching the production of a medicine and the magic of it is a habitual sight so.

Anyways.

I look at the pale face of the young man that is following the butler-san.

I see, so his name was Hazaru.

Thinking such a rude thing, we followed the butler-san and headed to the basement.





Chapter 39 - The almighty elixir is a type of cocktail


The nectar of the flower ambrosia and the frozen cocktail for medical purposes.

The manufacturing process of the Ambrosia can be summarized in this way.

Put various alcoholic beverages and the nectar of the Ambrosia into the container without mistaking the amount, and then smash the ice made from special water, which has a lower temperature than regular ice (somewhere around -20 degrees Celsius), in small pieces as if making shaved ice and put them in at a fixed amount in intermittent times.

Just that. You make corrections to the temperature and quantity, also the air and environment where it is made is being regulated by magic.

From what I see, it is not that difficult of a process. Well, the proper young man, Hazaru-kun, also said ‘is this all?’, so it should be as I view it.

However, the efficiency of this incantation is way too bad.

It was to the point that I wanted to shout ‘what the hell?!’ The made up of that aria was half-assed and inefficient. Let’s put it this way, for a magic that you only need 1 point, you are using 10 points.

Even if this is a low ranked ancient language, this is way too awful. I even want to ask if it’s okay with such a magic. U~mu, this must be the normal usage of magic in this world. In my journey at the wasteland, the attack magic and the support magic were just like this but, isn’t it a waste?

They could trace the words that are the essence of the magic and reproduce the low-rank ancient dialect to make it more efficient. The magic that Ema-san taught me was pretty easy to use, it may be valuable knowledge.

Well, I already understood the core of this manufacturing process. It’s how well you supply the nectar of the Ambrosia.

That you need a great amount of nectar from a flower that is almost extinct, is the greatest bottleneck of producing this elixir.

What solves this problem is the rare material, the Rubbe-eye’s eye. Doing a special process to it, it is able to extract the nectar of the flower from it. This is probably the secret formula of this process.

I was looking at it but, as expected, it won’t work as a reference.

To think that the Rubee-eye was not a name to designate a type of mutation from the Redbee, but the name for a Redbee that collects the Ambrosia nectar.

Meaning that in that place, there was a land where ambrosias bloomed. I don’t know the scope of their mobilization area, so I am not sure if it’s close or not, but there is no doubt that it exists.

It’s on the brink of extinction, but it isn’t extinct yet. I have obtained some nice information.

Moreover. In this world, the alchemy magic has a role in creating chemical reactions and stimulating them, but now I get that the user can correct the environment and temperature, and can also be used to clean and sterilize the room.

Maybe the alchemists have other uses aside from drug manufacturing. For now, it’s a special genre that I don’t plan on taking.

After placing all the ice debris into the substance, it became completely red and it hardened to a point that I even though that it had crystalized.

When I thought that a crack appeared on it, I saw that a pink substance that was a lot more transparent than I originally thought, was flowing at the lower part of the container.

And the upper part that was crystalized grew an even deeper red. The inside is beautiful.

The young man silently closes the container.

He checked the contents of the container for a while and when he was sure that there were no abnormalities in it, he let out a sigh.

That means…

“… It’s completed. The elixir Ambrosia”

I let out a simple ‘oooh’. Even if the process was simple despite the effects of it, the price to make it is pretty high.

It could even make a house where you can live in comfortably. There were a lot of other ingredients that were expensive after all.

Maybe it was because he was released from that pressure, the young man had a relieved face.

… There is still two more to go. Will he be alright?

If there is an error when making it all at once, it will all be for naught. That’s why it is being made one by one.

I still have enough Rubee-eye’s eyes for one more, but I will keep silent about that for now.

If there is no need for them, I will think about another way to use them.

Because it is true that in the several weeks that we traveled, we encountered them only once after all. I have no doubts that this is a precious item.

I should ask the mist lizards to search for those ambrosias. If there is a chance to cultivate them, it might even become another way for business~ ♪

The value of the eyes may lower, but there is only benefits for me. And if I am able to reduce the weight of getting the eyes ,that already has many uses, by a bit, it may even be a good deed. No problems at all.

That’s right, let’s have Mio go as well. It seems that she is good at making medicines after all. It’s a done deal already.

Mufufufufu~

“T-Then, I will go to where Danna-sama is to give him the elixir! Hazaru-sama, please continue what you are doing!”

The Butler-san that had the impression of never being agitated, makes a rare lively voice and takes the medicine’s bottle with both hands as if it were the most precious thing in this world.

It was a lower quantity than I thought it would originally be. It was in a bottle that was smaller than energy drinks, moreover, the liquid only filled 2/3rds of it.

It is probably a medication you have to drink. For something that came out from so many ingredients, the completed product is really small.

Fumu, no matter how many times I look at it, there are no signs of changes but… I should just stay silent and observe the production of the elixir.

Rembrandt-shi and the Butler-san are probably going to be wailing again later. Honestly, it’s hard for me to watch two grown-up men crying out loudly.

“It seems that it was a success” (Makoto)

I talk to Hazaru-kun in low-ranked ancient language.

Several people that were there were unable to comprehend my words and had faces as if saying ‘what did he say?’

“Raidou-dono?! Are you able to use ancient language in daily conversations?!”

Hazaru-kun seems to be surprised. However, this is used as substitute for simple codes, or that’s what I heard from Tomoe, so it shouldn’t be that strange of a thing.

Well, we are talking about Tomoe here so. It may be old information.

“Yeah, aside from common language, I am able to speak in various others as well. I thought I couldn’t use any of them to communicate my thoughts so I didn’t use them” (Makoto)

“Ah, so that’s why. Is it true that you are unable to use common language? I can only think of it as a harassment of bad taste” (Hazaru)

You are totally right!

“The other people seem to not understand this though. Well, I don’t mind it anyways. Let’s make the other two as soon as we can. I want to heal them as soon as possible after all” (Makoto)

This young man is probably talented. Just by talking with him in low-rank ancient language he was able to distinguish that it was indeed ancient language and he could even understand the contents of it.

The range of languages that I can speak in is pretty cheat-like in itself. If this were the modern world, I could even use it to be an almighty translator.

“… Yeah. It seems that we don’t have as much time as we thought” (Hazaru)

“I don’t have that much knowledge about curse diseases, but I really feel anger at the person that asked to do this” (Makoto)

“Raidou-dono is a kind person. The moment you came to me when you understood that I would be enough, I thought you were thinking such imprudent things like ‘I will make a big debt here’, or something like that but…” (Hazaru)

Damn Hazaru-kun, just because other people can’t understand you, you are saying a lot of blunt things.

For him, curse diseases are something that are closely related to him so. If he is able to produce medicines, he must also be able to produce poisons as well.

Or maybe he wants to live a nomad life as an adventurer, he may have that kind of stubborn determination in him.

It’s no good if I let my emotions take the better of me every time, he might have said that with no ill intentions in mind.

“… You will be receiving a good reward, right? Now, hurry” (Makoto)

I press him on with short words. He must have seen the displeasure in me, he hurriedly went back to producing the elixir.

Now, how is it going with Rembrandt-san?

I was planning on activating the search, but I desist from it.

Geez.

I decided not to do that indoors didn’t I?

No good, it’s so convenient that I unintentionally rely on it.

While I was gazing, the second elixir was completed.

It’s just an ‘if’, but…

In the case that the crystal has a crack in it, and the condensed substance takes longer to flow out, and if it takes longer for the substance to reach the required state in the environment that has been regulated by magic… <あの結晶にヒビが入り、凝縮された液体が流れ出るまでの時間が長く、そこに至るまでに環境を魔法によって一定に保つ時間が長時間に及んだりするケースなら。>

The purification of the magic elixir will increase in difficulty and there would be a need for more people to do it.

At that case the medication would increase in value even more.

If establishing the special environment is the role of the alchemist, then the role of an alchemist in compounding medicines is big. Doing this, they must be able to make various medicines.

In that sense, the worth of the ingredients doesn’t fit the production of this medicine, for Rembrandt-shi this must be a blessing.

If the medicine production were something that had an incredibly low percentage of success, the hope he would have to cling onto would be way too fragile.

From what I see, it’s like you get a tuna but instead of putting it in the freezer, you throw it at a random place. This method is so wasteful that it doesn’t fit the importance of the medicine.

In short, if I were to remodel it…

Umu, today I truly got a lot of seeds for new businesses. The worry that Mio created in my head just the night before was relieved a bit with this.

“… Fu~~~~. With this it’s over. The manufacturing is over” (Hazaru)

Hazaru-kun had the two remaining medicine bottles in hand, and with the other hand he was wiping his sweat while walking towards me.

How easy-going. Learn from the Butler-san that carried it with both hands!

*Ban!!*

“Raidou-sama! Hazaru-sama!”

“Owa?!”

What?!

The clichéd intrusion was from the Butler!

And the 2 bottles that were on Hazaru-kun’s hand were thrown from the shock!

The bottles danced in the air.

After confirming that it was the Butler-san, I return my gaze to the young man.

I confirm the two bottles that were dancing in the air.

Just in this moment, I was grateful for my super-human body!

Because even when I am dumbfounded, I am able to move my body.

But this is bad! The target bottles are drawing a parabola in opposite directions. Hazaru, I will be hitting you later for this!

Leaping from my position, in movements that were to be noted, I do a head sliding onto the bottle that is falling to the right and stretched out my right hand to ensure the grab. Gently so I don’t break it of course!

But the target on the opposite site was impossible for my other hand to reach.

Damn iiit, even if that is the case!

Hitting the floor with my left hand, I strike it with an extremely weak magic power.

My body was blown off onto the direction of the bottle, but I already used both of my hands.

I beg of you, please fall on my back!!

I prayed for that, and it seems someone heard it.

There was a light sensation of something on my back and a second later, I felt a dull pain in my head.

Damn it. I must have hit a desk or something. The outcome was okay though.

“R-Raidou-dono, as-as expected of you!” (Hazaru)

You bastard Hazaru. I will definitely hit you twice!





Chapter 40 - Truly hating the curse disease


Without receiving a single treatment for my head (not like I am holding a grudge for it though), the Butler-san is leading us, as if dragging us with him, to the room where Rembrandt-shi is waiting.

In the middle of the way, I smelled an incredibly sweet scent, after crossing the corridor, the place we arrived was the reception room that we were before. What is it? It’s an incredibly strange scent that resembles that of cosmetics and shops that handle miscellaneous things.

In there, there was a person that was stained with blood and being treated on his left arm.

Me and the proper young man gulp a breath and heard a voice.

Was he attacked by a mamono? They look like wounds made by fangs or claws. It seems to have been something that wasn’t that big.

The problem is, what was it? The bigger mystery is how it got into the residence with the guards inside town.

Seeing the blood filled man be treated must mean that the matter must have been settled.

“Oh, Raidou-dono. And Hazaru-dono as well. Has the medicine been made?”

The weak unpleasant voice of Rembrandt-san.

[Here it is]

I was already scared of having someone like Hazaru carry the medicine, so I am the one carrying it.

“This, what in the world is going on?!” (Hazaru)

The young man said distressed.

But Rembrandt just shook his head horizontally. It wasn’t like he couldn’t say it, but more like, he didn’t know from where to begin.

So I stopped the young man that was trying to ask more questions, and wait for him to calm down.

A while of silence.

There was only the sound of Rembrandt-san’s hand being treated.

And that sound also stops.

“I am sorry. With the time given, I was able to calm down for a bit” (Rembrandt)

His facial expression was still not back to its regular self. His mind must not have calmed down yet.

Something big must have happened.

Big, huh. Just from the arm of Rembradt-san that was bleeding profusely, the situation should have already been grave.

And yet, the balance of my emotions has stayed stable. Is it because I have become ‘accustomed’ to this world?

Tto. Right now I have to concentrate on the current situation.

One possibility I can think about, is that the 3 ill people were kidnapped.

If they are not dead then, it being only an emergency situation is actually a blessing.

Without noticing, I began growing fond of him.

To the point that words like ‘I won’t save them’ or ‘I won’t cooperate’ were not a choice.

The Butler-san apologizes for the bewildering situation with his eyes. However, this is not something you can blame them for. I just cleared it up with a silent nod.

“It was when the butler, Morris, brought the elixir with him” (Rembrandt)

‘I was waiting silently for the other two medicines while praying’, is what he said.

The place was in that corridor we just passed by which had this sweet scent. I see, that place is where the ill people were.

“A sound came from the bedroom of my wife” (Rembrandt)

[A sound you say?]

“Yeah, I thought the blankets were being thrown away” (Rembrandt)

Quite the ill people. I was certain that their consciousness was faint and were lying down on the sickbed.

He was making a puzzled face. And he must have felt something in the atmosphere, but a smile that carried no will appeared on his face.

This is not good. He is in despair.

“Fits. There were times when they would rampage with incredible strength. Of course, lately, they couldn’t even do that, it went to a level where they could only groan. That’s why I didn’t mind it that much” (Rembrandt)

… Groans? A sick person was?

“I see, I didn’t tell you about the symptoms right? At the first symptoms I thought that it was just a fever. But…” (Rembrandt)

It seems like he noticed that their behavior was strange. Fearing both water and light, there were times when they lost their sanity and destroyed their room. It sounded like the case of a dog under rabies.

After that, their once beautiful hair began to fall down and their eyes began to be tinged in a fiery red light.

‘… Their appearance was no longer what they used to be’, is what he said.

‘What kind of devil would do that?’, is what I thought.

I felt like my anger was turning to blood thirst.

After they returned to sanity and saw the own scene of their disaster, the people themselves cried and despaired, and then turned to the man, father and husband, to apologize.

After that, they began fighting the disease, but their self was slowly wearing out. Lately, it seems that they have even been wishing for death.

It would probably be impossible for me.

I wouldn’t be able to talk about it. Without doubt, I would have thought about killing the requester and even its family.

I am confident that I would go mad.

“That, that hell was supposed to end today!! And yet, and yet my wife is…!” (Rembrandt)

Rembrandt-shi was sitting at the chair that was in front of his wife’s room while holding dearly one of the medicines.

Crying.

The worst occurred at that time.

A bit after he ignored that sound.

He stretched out his vigorless arm onto the wooden door.

“The door was destroyed in a second you see, and then my wife, my wife attacked my arm” (Rembrandt)

He tried his best to protect the hope that he had finally obtained.

But the wife that he was supposed to save, stole the medicine that was supposed to save her… and destroyed it.

The surroundings were enveloped by a sweet scent, and the maddened wife became even more ruthless and attacked.

The guards that were hired and the butler noticed the abnormality and were able to hold down the wife by a hair’s breadth. The woman that was screaming and showing her fangs, had stopped her fits and with no strength left, she fell asleep.

And, we arrive at the current situation.

Yeah, I understand. For a fit to have occurred. Is it possible?

“… That was no fit” (Hazaru)

The young man confirmed what I was thinking. His tone of voice was heavy.

“Probably, when being close to the elixir, ‘it is made’ so that event occurs. For the sake of stopping them from curing” (Hazaru)

The user himself, used one last curse in order to obstruct.

He says that he hasn’t heard of any precedents, but from what he knows, it is not impossible for a level 8. It seems that a level 8 curse disease is quite a high level one.

From the bottom of my heart, I thought that it was quite a waste for the user to be dead already. If it were me, I wouldn’t have killed him. I would have him suffer, have him drown in pain more, without letting him go crazy… thoroughly!

“My guards have also been injured you see. They are receiving treatment in a different place” (Rembrandt)

Right now they can’t move huh. The bitter faced young man that was beside me is not of the physical type so, it would be impossible for him to hold her down.

“Putting together what they said, just to hold her down you have to be of pretty high level and have to do join shock attacks or it will be impossible. Moreover, because my wife doesn’t mind her own body, if it becomes like this a number of times more, it is possible for her to die” (Rembrandt)

A body that shouldn’t be able to move, to have her body move against her will and force numerous adults to hold her down at the same time. It is obvious it will happen.

That is what I thought silently inside my mind.

It seems that I am not the type that would lose himself because of anger, is what I thought ‘somewhere’ inside of me. Hatred, hostility, I still have them but I am able to calmly dispose of them.

Before arriving here, I had noticed that I didn’t feel any resistance in taking the life of my opponents. But, at this rate, I feel like it will be the same when it is against a human being.

And then, without feeling like I have grasped this truth completely, I accepted it.

A high level and joint shock attacks. I have a few people in mind.

I already knew that this should be the part where I call Toa-san and the others. That I should call Tomoe and Mio to be on the safe side.

And despite that, I decided to do it myself.

Maybe it is because the emotion that should have been disposed, had a little of it left and this was the result of it. Seeing how I am able to calmly think like this, I felt a bit annoyed at myself.

Seeing Rembrandt-shi and the butler, Morris-san, I said this.

[I will hold her down. Now, let’s go]

I shut up Rembrandt-shi and the others who shouted, saying that it was impossible, with my bloodthirst. Bloodthirst, no, it was wrath. I didn’t understand it myself.

I grab the collar of Hazaru and bring him close to me. And asked him to please manage to make 1 more elixir with the remaining ingredients.

For some reason he didn’t object and ran to the basement. If he is unable to, I can give him the remaining eyes and have him make it. I have a lot of the other ingredients as well.

When I asked him at a later time, he said “I thought you would kill me if I objected” with a broken smile.

I give the medicine to Rembrandt.

I see, that sweet scent was the aroma of the elixir.

The environment of the basement was being controlled, so I didn’t notice.

For something that breaks you and brings you onto the brink of despair to have such a sweet scent. What a joke.

Okay, let’s go end this stupid curse.





Chapter 41 - Determining my path


[Now, quickly use the medicine]

I was restraining the arms and body from behind, perfectly immobilizing the wife who has lost all sense of humanity.

I don’t know how she was before, but her hair that was falling down, her cheeks that were hollow, the bloodshot deep crimson eyes, as well as the saliva that was oozing from her mouth, they were all strong images that made me think of her as a ghost. Even if she were in between a horde of zombies I wouldn’t see any difference.

What was it? The one where the main character was living accompanied of a dog in a world that was destroyed because of a virus. She looks like one of those people that were infected by that virus.

Well, a ghost is also plausible. Who would believe that this was once a beautiful wife? (I haven’t seen her before though).

Her legs were still rattling, but it proves no problems for someone to make her drink the medicine.

With the wife in her current state, even my face looks decent.

While thinking something like that, I began to consider showing my face to them when all of this is resolved.

Outward appearance, I feel like something like that won’t matter anymore.

If there are people that care about it, I can just have Tomoe or Mio change their mind.

Moreover, to hide my face would affect the faith they would have on me.

Because I actually want to live my life as a merchant, hiding my face is not an option.

And I have decided on handling the medicine department. I don’t want to see another family lose someone in this kind of unreasonable situation.

Even I think that this may be a hasty decision, but I don’t care about it.

That’s why I decided on revealing my face. I think that people will get used to it after seeing it numerous times.

“A-Are you really a level 1?” (Rembrandt)

Rembrandt-shi says surprised. It’s a given. Because level 1 is a number that is even lower than him after all.

[Don’t mind it, concentrate on the medicine. Don’t tell me that at this point in time you are worried about getting bitten, right?]

“Such a thing won’t even become an issue!” (Rembrandt)

He was surprised by the fact that I was able to restraint her by myself, but with my challenging words, I was able to make him take action. In reality, it wasn’t like the body structure changed, so it is natural that the grapples which are effective on people to work here.

And I have a body that surpasses the norm after all. Just because she is ignoring her limits won’t pose problems for me.

However, the power of a person’s jaw is something that is stronger than I thought.

Even more so on this woman that has removed her own limiter. For people that are not adventurers, this power would be enough to scare them.

But without fearing the teeth that had changed to fangs, the man drained the contents of the medicine in her mouth. From his face, I could feel a determination that told me he wouldn’t mind even if all of his fingers were bitten off.

Maybe the body of the wife was beginning to feel the changes, her body started to convulse and the symbol of her madness, the scarlet eyes, were growing dimmer.

Her outward appearance didn’t change drastically, but her whole body began to lose strength and her breathing grew constant.

“Oh, Risa. With this… With this I will be able to speak with you again right? It’s bringing a smile on my face” (Rembrandt)

He has been crying and crumbling on the floor a lot. Of course, I wouldn’t say such a thing in this kind of situation though. He is weeping manly.

The butler, Morris-san, was expressionless, but he was wiping his tears.

[Now then, which daughter should we begin from? I think we should prioritize the one that is in a worse state though]

If Hazaru is able to make it, we will have the last elixir we need. But in the current situation, we have to make a choice.

Well I heard him confidently say that ‘it’s a wasteful manufacturing process’ so I think he is doing his best and will manage somehow.

He is not a 3 digit level just for looks after all.

“Hngh~, y-you are right. Even though it’s not over yet, I am sorry. If we are talking about my daughters, the smallest one is in a worst state. Let’s go treat her first” (Rembrandt)

Even if he was trying to put himself together, his face was still red from crying so much. Please stop your nose snot, nice middle-aged man.

[Understood]

We once again walk for a bit.

It seems that her daughter wasn’t in the room next door.

Of course.

Because at the moment when the medicine was broken, the three of them would have attacked. His life would be gone in that case.

It seems that the range where the person can detect the medicine is not that wide.

“It’s inside here” (Rembrandt)

Saying that, Rembrandt-san points at a door that was deep in the corridor.

[I understand. I will be doing the first move. Please give me the key]

“W-Will you be alright?” (Rembrandt)

Even though he saw me do it before, he still asked me anxiously.

[No problem. When I have restraint her I will sent you a signal with light magic. However…]

I intentionally cut off my words to create the atmosphere.

The two people gulp.

[If I touch her breast or ass by mistake, please don’t get angry, Oto-san*] <TN: Oto-san = Dad>

“?!?!”

They were clearly caught off guard, both of them looked at each other and waved their hands weakly while giving me a sidelong glance.

It’s no good to be too tense after all~. I hope he lets it slip as a joke though.

“How to say it…”

“What a big-shot”

“Yeah. He is quite the person”

I wasn’t able to catch the words that both of them exchanged while smiling bitterly.

*Click *Open

Hm, she is not on the bed.

The dark interior was quiet.

With a calm face, I spread out a search area.

There she is.

She is in a place that is a blind spot for me. I don’t know how she did it, but she was at the left side ceiling while I was looking at the bed. She was clinging to that corner and looking at me. Are you a monkey? Are you Spiderman?

Purposely showing her my back, I walk a few steps.

When I did that, she leap onto me. It seems that the scent of the elixir was also stuck on me. In this case, it can be considered a medium level misfortune.

Because she is considering me a hindrance after all.

Her condition was better than the wife, but her short build and quick-witted part was ferocious and intense. Her stamina was also bigger.

I should prepare myself better for the last one.

While still having my back turned, I grab the left hand of the girl that plunged onto me.

Just like that, I turn to her back and restrain her remaining right hand. Shifting my body once more, I made it so that I would be able to hold both of her arms down with one hand. In this position, even if she tried multiple times to bite me, I would be able to evade it. If I pay attention, I can do evade it with slight movements. I can deal with it in a calm manner.

With the free hand I had, I hold her head down and take away her freedom. Yosh, okay.

Entwining both of her legs from the inside… done.

Sitting on top of her, I was able to seal her movements perfectly.

In this position, I signal the other party with light magic.

Hearing the footsteps, Rembrandt-san and the butler Morris-san entered.

[Please have her drink the elixir quickly]

Seeing the medicine, she once again tried to rampage. I hold her down, taking away all her strength and urge them on.

It is better if she suffers the least amount of damage in her body after all.

“Thank you. I truly thank you very much!” (Rembrandt)

After that, her breathing began to grow constant like in the case of his wife. Releasing her, I take her back to her bed.

After doing that, a number of maids entered the room and began treating the girl and clean the room.

I see, I didn’t think of this. Maybe it’s the butler-san that is being attentive, or it might be Rembrandt-san.

And then, rough and rude footsteps were heard.

“Hah~Hah~! Raidou-dono, I was able to somehow make one more! The ingredient was the elixir itself, a creation of this Hazaru- ah?!” (Hazaru)

Are you an idiot?!

How is it possible that you stumble again?!

The distance is way too much so it is impossible for me to do a follow-up! Moreover, I am right now having a pleasant time with this young girl!

Well, my worry was unneeded.

With clever movements, Morris-san was able to protect the medicine.

It’s to the point that I want one of him on every house. More like, I began to seriously wish for him to come to Asora. I want him to be my counselor for common knowledge!

And, Hazaru. This night’s meal will be on you. No matter if it’s good or bad, I will chomp down like no tomorrow! Of course, after I punch you in the face!

“For bringing us this miracle today, I thank you. Oh Goddess, thank you” (Rembrandt)

Please don’t go thanking that particular one. It makes me lose my strength.

I negated from the bottom of my heart the prayer that Rembrandt-san did.

The other girl was faster and stronger than the previous daughter, but in my point of view, there wasn’t that much of a difference.

The problem is if the medicine that was made with the remaining ingredients will actually work. But Hazaru said that he properly compared the components of the elixir, so I decided to believe in him.

More like, the girl still held a bit of her reasoning, and as if fighting against the flickering light of her eyes, she repeatedly said ‘Run away’ while attacking me. This part was actually harder for my heart to handle.

I already knew that she wouldn’t understand me, but I told her that ‘It is okay, I have come to save you. Wait for a bit’.

Sorting out my own emotions, I call Rembrandt-san and have her drink the medicine.

Fuh~

Leaving the girl on the bed, I take a deep breath unintentionally. I have accomplished a big job, so it should be okay for me to do it.

“How to say it…? I think that Raidou-dono being a merchant is like completely ignoring your own aptitude” (Hazaru)

The young man said something incredibly rude that didn’t fit his age.

Moreover, Rembrandt-san and Morris-san are agreeing!

“It was a splendid restraining ability. I think that being a level 1 is some kind of mistake”

“I think that you are more fit as an adventurer”

Even though I have already decided to do my best as a merchant. As a senpai, please don’t say such things!

“I am being trained by my followers so” (Makoto)

“Ah, if it’s something like that, I can comprehend. After all…” (Hazaru)

Hey, Hazaru. You have been causing blunders one after the other so please stop.

I will be giving you a lecture in air reading using physical language you know?

“Your two followers are both over level 1,000~” (Hazaru)

GOD DAMN!

This thoughtless Hachibei-san, what have you done?

Looking at the two people that were stiffened by his statement, I turn to the sky and grieve. At least learn to distinguish between things that you can say and thing that you can’t…





Chapter 42 - E… vil?


After the uncalled for statement of Hazaru, they did a lot of questioning, but I ignored them with a smile. They told me that they would be thanking me at a later time and after that I left their residence.

Of course, before returning, I gave Hazaru-kun three hits and scolded him severely. While he was staggering exaggeratedly, I made him treat me to a meal.

Rembrandt told me that I could stay for dinner at the very least, but I politely declined (because I wanted to harass this Hazaru-kun).

Damn it… Because of how idiotic he is, I ended up remembering his name!

Well, I am the savior of his family’s life. Rembrandt-san would probably keep my followers’ level a secret just like he keeps his butler’s.

The day was still young, so I decided on leaving for the time being.

While I was at it, I called Mio and Tomoe in a hurry. I don’t know how well I can manage to conceal it, but I decided on going to the merchant guild before registering in the adventurer guild.

Is what I thought but…

“Die”

With those words said, something that was clearly a magic formation appeared beneath my feet. Moreover, only below Tomoe and me. Why was only Mio not aimed at?

It was a given, but I didn’t want to get hit by something I didn’t know about.

So, in the time lapse that the magic formation appeared, I leaped away from it and evaded it. Fortunately, it didn’t have some sort of tracking ability in it.

However, Tomoe stood inside the magic formation without a single care. Why?

I didn’t feel an aria at the activation of the magic formation but, could it be that there is a magic formula I still don’t know? A technique to eliminate the traces of an aria. I want to know.

The owner of the voice was in a pretty far away place. The person was clad on a gray robe and moved his hands in a complicated manner. Maybe one can do arias with hands. That I am able to detect the location of the person with just the signal of him, I have gotten better.

Anyways, the gestures of the robed person were indeed an activation of something. On my (previously located) place and below the feet of Tomoe, a giant fire pillar appeared, and I felt a strong heat even when I was far away from the location.

A quite tall pillar of fire that clearly had strong heating power was baking the body of Tomoe!

“Hmph”

Swiping the fire with her left hand, the fire that was enveloping Tomoe disappeared in an instant. Geez, so you were testing the fire power. What an aggressive Nee-san.

“You, just obediently evade it” (Makoto)

“No no, we have to gauge the capacity of the assassin. For such an event to occur as soon as you called us. How pleasant. As expected of Waka. It seems that you understand my wishes” (Tomoe)

On the return of saving someone, you get attacked. That is certainly a pattern but…

The attackers are… one, two, three, four… hey hey, aren’t these numbers a little too much?

The numbers I can find with my eyes are two. A thin man that blurted out such dangerous words like ‘die’, and the gray robed person that was at a grove section.

However, the result of expanding [Sakai], I found out that there were numerous people that were hiding. In total, there might be close to 20 of them.

Is it regarding Rembrandt-san? Or maybe, me?

But I don’t have any recollection of being hated. The friends of the demons that I defeated at the gate should not know that I was the one who defeated them and there shouldn’t be any survivors from Zenno that have reached Tsige yet.

Fumu. I don’t know.

If it’s related to Rembrandt-san, I will leave them totally beat up. Leaving aside if they are the mastermind, I will be getting rid of any root of evil. From what I see, the thin man gives me a cool impression, but in this world he is your regular hoodlum.

I looked at the lower than second-rate person that was talking.

“So you evaded it huh. And moreover without any injuries. Tch, there is another that is strong like the black one”

So they know the strength of Mio huh.

“Hey, that black Nee-san over there. Could you please just stand there watching for a while? I promise you that we won’t lift a hand on you”

To our silence, the man continued to talk. From the way he talks, I could tell that he wasn’t impatient and had no panic yet. Does that mean that he saw Mio fight somewhere or he only has superficial information he heard?

Without lifting suspicions, I exchange looks with Mio and tell her with my eyes to go along with his offer. Since I had Tomoe beside me, furthermore, it was a favor that I asked, she accepted without showing any displeasure about it.

“… Will it be free of charge?” (Mio)

“You do get it. No, how about I give you 10 gold?”

“Fine, I will do as if I haven’t seen anything-desu wa” (Mio)

“Mio, you bastard!” (Tomoe)

Tomoe was enraged and tried to grab Mio. Of course, it was an act though. Because from a while ago, I have been feeling her overflowing happiness.

Striking the hand of Tomoe lightly, Mio distanced herself and took the stance of a third person.

“Thanks. Do you want the gold right now?”

“I am fine with later-desu wa. More importantly, make sure not to get beaten up. Because I don’t want to deal with the aftermath after all” (Mio)

“You are totally right. You have a nice attitude Nee-san. I am sorry guys, this is how the world works”

The man laughed for a while and then turned to look at us again. Maybe he has quite the high level, his relaxed face didn’t disappear yet.

Well, it is already definite that he is a small fry though. Because if he were truly strong, he would have felt something when he looked at Tomoe and Mio. It seems he doesn’t have the instinct to feel strength.

“…”

“For bastards like you, I alone am enough!”

I who was still silent and the high spirited Tomoe.

Maybe that was some kind of signal, I began seeing the group that was hidden. There were also people far away that were getting ready. They were probably archers or magicians. I am looking forward to see how this free-for-all situation will develop.

“If you didn’t get involved with someone like Rembrandt, you wouldn’t have died! GET HIM!!”

It’s settled. Total beat up.

Their course was ganging up but, maybe it was because the prospects were too much in my favor, I didn’t feel any fear looking at all their dangerous weapons. Maybe it was because if I were to release my full defense I would be able to even break a sword.

But Tomoe didn’t move. I didn’t feel like she would be parrying or deflecting or any other offensive move.

“Hey, Tomoe. Just go and do your work!” (Makoto)

“But, Waka. As expected, if there is no signal…” (Tomoe)

Even though she is the only who has something that can be recognized as a weapon, my slave didn’t unsheathe it and was saying words I didn’t understand.

What do you mean by signal?

‘Isn’t saying it in words going to boost entertainment?’, is what Tomoe-san said in thought transmission, moreover, she stealthily told me her will.

Saying.

‘You know, Waka, it’s that. The ‘Go discipline them’. As expected, if there isn’t that as the beginning signal it just doesn’t feel right. I am waiting for it with all my heart you know?’

I almost failed evading one of the attacks.

I was trying to over evade them in order to hide my real strength from them, but because I was caught off guard, I finely evaded it.

“To-Tomoe-san” (Makoto)

“Yes!!” (Tomoe)

“Go discipline them…” (Makoto)

“YES!!!!!” (Tomoe)

My tension goes down~. How embarrassing~. At this rate, there will be a day where I will be able to say ‘Go discipline them!’ normally.

“Bu gya!!”

At the same time that she responded, she did a backhand strike on a robber-like man that was holding a dagger and had spiky hair. It seems that she held back properly and was blown away in a good manner.

If it were full power, his head would go *PAM! That’s good, Tomoe.

Tomoe was punching, kicking, throwing anyone that was getting close. No matter if it was heading for me or her, she intercepted them all without minding that.

Geez, she is being swept by the tension. Saying something like she is Kaku-san, she was really going empty-handed.

As expected, it is no good if I go without doing anything. Creating a good distance from Tomoe, I gaze at the girl in front of me that was holding a one-handed sword.

She is coming!

With a predictable timing, the girl plunged onto me. What an unusual sword. Maybe it was for the sake of making it easier to stab, the tip had an edge on both sides, but aside from that part, there was only an edge on one side.

In this world where western swords are the core part, the double edged swords are the most common, it is rare to see such a rare single edged sword. It was probably close to the double edged tip of a spear.

Moreover, it was a person with healthy looking brownish skin and didn’t have swelling muscles. Even though it was a vital spot, I could see her abdomen that had a six-pack and the beauty of those muscles stole my attention. Wouldn’t it be better for you to be using a great sword or an axe?

Maybe I should try doing a karate chop on the back of the neck~. But while I was thinking that, in between us appeared a shadow.

Hey hey Tomoe. Just how much do you want to beat people up?

No, her gaze was concentrated on the weapon.

What, is she interested in the weapon? Do you have a Benkei* attribute? The appearance may be similar but, it isn’t the Karasuma, you know? <TN: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benkei>

Well, it’s fine if she is going to be protecting me. I once again evade and slip away.

Maybe it was because they were afraid of friendly-fire, they haven’t done any significant long ranged attack. Moreover, the people that were coming at us, were attacking two at a time.

To encircle with only two people and getting your movements controlled, what low level performance…

From all of them, that girl was actually in the proper side. Because she was aiming to break my timing and attack me after all.

I was thinking about exchanging with Tomoe for a bit but…

“What is up with your clothes?”

The girl unleashed an attack from the bottom to the top.

Doing a counter to that, Tomoe does a spinning kick to her head. How can such a kick come out from a person wearing a kimono?!

Moreover, what is up with that perfect form? Will you teach me the fundamentals of karate?!

“!!”

The beauty that had a healthy body with well-defined muscles, smiled at Tomoe and the black of her eyes faded out and, just like that, she collapsed. I don’t know if it was the head or the neck, but it was a clean hit after all. It was the obvious result.

“I have finally gotten a sword that can strike with the blunt side-ja!” (Tomoe)

That was your aim?! Even if it’s a lie, say something like ‘Waka are you alright?’!

*Cling

She holds it so that it will cleanly hit the stomach.

*Gusha

*Dogon!

*Sha~!

“A gya~~?!”

“Hia~~a!!”

“HIdebu!”

The last one understood that she was messing around. But they were feeling a pain that made them wish they were dead.

Having their shoulder sunk in. Their bones were broken. The shoulders of a human aren’t that flabby after all.

There was no one that could follow the relatively slow speed of Tomoe’s long sword.

More like, this girl, she has grown quite accustomed to using the sword. Was she secretly training? Even though I have been asking so many things of her, she surely has a lot of free time. Later I will have to TALK with her.

“GYA!!”

“AU!”

“AGYAP!”

Yeah, the last guy was pretty good again.

The screams that I heard at the distance were made because of Tomoe having fun using the blunt side of the sword. The fallen weapons were proof of those hits.

She is hitting them on their limbs after all. It’s possible for their hands and legs to be send flying. That it is not happening is a blessing in a sense.

“Y-You guys…”

The thin man was finally showing anxiety in his face.

That was the only thing he said as he reunited with one other magic user and took distance from us.

“What is it-ja? Already over?” (Tomoe)

“…”

Now that I think about it, I haven’t said anything all this time. And I haven’t written either.

I am a sort of literary boy, so somewhere inside my heart I feel like it is fine to not be talkative. Umu, silence is gold.

“Ah, Nee-san. Won’t you come to our side?! I ask for your assistance!”

The man asks Mio for assistance. Uwaa, how uncool!

“No way-desu wa” (Mio)

“Don’t you want the gold?!”

“It’s not like I need to get it from the living you. I can take it from your pockets when you are dead after all” (Mio)

“Geh?!”

The robe man let out a voice. I see, they are both men.

“Who do you think I am*?! I am the number one adventurer in Tsige, rank S and level 201! Lime Latte-sama-da zo!”

What an unfitting name he has. Lime Latte he says… gross.

However, the number one in Tsige huh.

I received a report when I was in Zenno.

Is it that? The number one in the guild is always an idiot and a bad guy?

The other one is staying silent. Maybe he is planning on a way to escape. His hands are trembling after all.

“I a-ask of you, oh sacred horse of the eight co-court rank. Please leave your marks in this place and carry me”

Eh, an aria in common language? You can even do that?

“You bastard! You plan on running?!”

“It seems to be a teleporting magic, Waka” (Tomoe)

“Got it~” (Makoto)

Ah, this may be my first time talking.

I rush on the guy that was making an aria while clattering.

“Oan Panchi!” (Makoto)

Let me explain, Oan Panchi is…

In the outside it looks like a flashy high-powered punch that sends the opponent flying, but the truth is that it’s a non-lethal sure kill technique that only hurts you a lot but doesn’t turn into a fatal wound.

It’s a technique that uses the control of fierce high-grade magic power and jujitsu at the same time. It’s originally a technique that was born from my feelings of wanting to protect the life of the residents of Asora that were practicing with me. The warriors that assisted in my training filled with fear and grudge (Eh?) faced this fist that only left 1 hp. And just as my information…

“Tama, e? Buggyuruuruurooo?!!!!”

The robe blasted away and slid on the floor to the point of leaving fumes. After that, he perfectly stopped his movements.

“Oh! Magnificent!” (Tomoe)

“… *Pong*”

The thin man had his mouth wide open while looking at his robed partner that was not even twitching.

“The only one left is you-ja, just quietly surrender!” (Tomoe)

“Don’t mess with me!”

“Ho!!”

“Na!!”

“Tei!”

“No waaaay?!”

“Horya” (Tomoe)

“Ku?! A nosebleed!! Underestimating m-…”

“Sei” (Tomoe)

“Heh~ I, sky, eh?”

“Hmph” (Tomoe)

“Hiiih!! I will do anything so please save me!”

Uhm…

The words of Tomoe have changed to waga* and the frenzied man plunged onto Tomoe with dagger in hand and began swinging at her. Tomoe, with the hand that didn’t carry a sword, grabbed the dagger with her bare hands.

And with a light voice she broke the dagger. And just like that she did a jab onto the face of the man.

Even with that, the man continued resisting and with an okay get away from me throw, he was sent flying.

Stealing the dagger of the man that was now face up and stabbing it to his side, he finally gave up. Is how it went.

Y-You are way too weak~!

“Waka, do you have anything to ask him?” (Tomoe)

[Why did you attack us?]

“Wr-writing? N-no, it’s not really that strange! It is nice! The reason, yeah, the reason right?!”

Sensing the wrath of Tomoe, the man answered the question that I gave him in an instant.

The man says.

Because of Rembrandt Company’s expansion, it seems that the requests that ask for low level adventurers to transport carriage and collect were decreasing greatly.

For the strong people it was on the level that they have just lost a bit of pocket money, but for the adventurers that are low leveled, it’s a matter of life and death.

… For the adventurers that can’t even go out of the town properly, just what in the world do they do? Isn’t it better to retire and look for another job? I am not in the position to say this but, if there isn’t any requests then you should go hunt some mamonos and earn money. That is what should define an adventurer, or so I think.

And then some guys began to form groups and leave town. And when winter came, some people even died. I seriously feel like it is your own fault that things got like this. You are not grasshoppers after all.

And when spring came, they began thinking about revenge, planned it and executed. Even so, for the revenge to be a cursed disease… I-It’s way too dark.

It seems that for them it was some sort of divine punishment, a kind of job. That’s why, the user that was captured didn’t talk even in his dying breath.

In a sense it was the resentment of a particular number of adventurers.

So that was why no one did the Rubee-eye request. It means that they already marked me by the time I took that request.

The top ranked in this Tsige, Lime, as the mastermind of this revenge, took part of this attack as well.

What is this?

[However, you guys, didn’t your conscience hurt casting such a curse?]

“Such a curse, you say? It’s just a sleeping curse that made you sleep like a log for several years. Well, I did hear that they did something in order for the curse to not get dispel in the middle though”

Ah?

[What are you saying? The curse that was casted on the family of Rembrandt-shi was a level 8 sure-dead curse]

“Eh?”

“Are you playing the fool, you bastard?” (Tomoe)

Tomoe held the dagger that was stabbed beside him.

“I-I am not telling any lies!”

His face color is telling me that he is serious. I ask Tomoe to check his memories with my gaze. She nods and I quietly watch over.

“Something like killing! We only wanted that Rembrandt to feel the pain of stealing the place of the growing adventurers!”

“Waka, he is not lying” (Tomoe)

It seems that she was able to look at his memories. Then, there is nothing else to ask of him.

Geez, where did the conversation derail? It looks like there was some sort of misunderstanding here, well, no one died (probably) so it is fine, right?

I can’t say it is all resolved, but for now, one point has been solved.

[I understand. It’s alright now]

“You are letting me go right?”

[That’s right. It’s okay to go and treat the people here]

I am wearing a mask, so it should impossible for him to get my true intentions just by looking at me.

“Okay! I am sorry!”

That should be the case.

But the man that stood up was grabbed by the hand instantly.

“W-What is it? Black Nee-san”

The one that grabbed him was Mio that had returned to my side at some point in time.

“Money” (Mio)

“Ah, the money right. I understand… eh?”

Mio steals the wallet-looking bag from the man and took out all the money that was inside.

Even though he said 10 gold coins.

“Ehm, just what is going on…?”

“Here” (Mio)

Mio returns the emptied bag to the man.

“No no no no! Isn’t this taking too much, Nee-san?!”

“Interest” (Mio)

“I-Interest?”

“That’s right, interest” (Mio)

“… That is too messed up”

Seriously.

“IN.TE.REST!” (Mio)

“Wa, yes. It is fine”

But she blackmailed him with power. Mio, what a scary girl. But this Lime-kun is a bit pitiful. Taking his background into account, let’s help him a bit.

[The dagger that my follower broke seems to be a pretty good one. I will be bringing a compensation for it at a later time, so please forgive us for this]

“Eh, really?”

There is no doubt that it was a dagger enchanted with magic. Picking up the broken dagger from the floor, I return a positive response to him.

[I will leave a word in the guild on the name of Raidou. I am sorry. Then with this, we will be leaving]

“Ah, you don’t have to do something like that Waka-sama~” (Mio)

“Waka, please wait for me~” (Tomoe)

It seems that Tomoe learned from Mio, she was searching in the pockets of the people there. I quickly left the place so that she would stop it.

Geez, if we do something like that, we are nothing but highway robbers!





Chapter 43 - Guild Registration Again


“Okay, with this the Kuzunoha Company has been officially registered. The representative will be Raidou-sama, as members of this company we have Tomoe-sama and Mio-sama registered. Now, if you want to change the entry information please have Raidou-sama report to the guild. On the occasion of hiring personnel you don’t have to notify us, but in the case that regular personnel is increased, it will be required for you to notify us. And for other things that are necessary for you to take into account is, when you need something and to read this book about license grade carefully”



Issuing the blue metallic guild card along with my two followers, I was able to successfully create my own company.

The book that was given to me was thin, but the letters were written way too closely. Just because paper is valuable doesn’t mean you shouldn’t take in mind the understanding of the contents.

When I was asked what direction I wanted my company to head to, I answered with an ‘I don’t know yet’ and that I would come again to report when I officially begin my operations.

I have already decided on handling medicines, but everything else was still vague.

That I have to report to the guild frequently is actually a saving, because I am able to ask for information while I am there. Well, that is obvious.

Also, I should go to Rembrandt-san and consult him.

Finishing a light lunch, we search for the inn that Toa-san uses as a base and gave her a message that we would be heading to the adventurer guild.

Somewhere inside of me was nervous because we had pummeled their ranker, but nothing special happened.

Even though Rembrandt-san killed the curse disease user, the request was not withdrawn. I have taken the request after all.

I think that the information network of the guild is terrifying, so it’s impossible that they didn’t know.

That I don’t understand their delineation is one of the reasons that stirred my uneasiness. I should check out the guide-like book about adventurers.

The impression that I get when I look at Lime-kun was that of a super villain. Even though I had evaluated him as your typical hoodlum, it seems that he didn’t tell his friends and comrades any made up story.

There wasn’t any especially weird behavior, and we were able to safely arrive to the reception counter.

I receive the extraordinary reward (though when I think about it, it wasn’t that extraordinary) from the guild, and it was now time for the main event that everyone, except me, was waiting for excitedly.

I feel like the attention I got when I received the reward will soon be a thing of the past.

It’s the registration of Tomoe and Mio.

I was a bit concerned about Tomoe smirking. No, I will be honest here. I was extremely concerned about that.

I checked my level first and, as expected, it was still 1. I was already thinking that this was a curse of the Goddess or something like that.

Tomoe held back Mio and wanted to be registered first, well, I don’t mind which one is first, so I let Tomoe do it.

It was a good that there weren’t that many people, but give it a few days and we will surely become famous.

Suddenly requesting a paper that could measure until level 1600, the staff member was caught off guard. The surroundings grew boisterous. That is the obvious reaction~.

“Tomoe-sama, level, 1340”

“Whaaaat?!”

I was the one that shouted. I didn’t have any plan of shouting, but I did.

Why the hell did it go up? And why is it that you are having a shocked and dissatisfied expression?

Don’t tell me that in the middle of her independent movement, she secretly spend her time hunting. The talk about warrior training was only a pretext you know?

The commotion was crazy. In an instant, people made a circle with us as the center.

“T-T-T-There is no way this is happening! I cut up that much-ja zo! I should be over 1500 right?!” (Tomoe)

“Uhm, well, please don’t shake me?!”

Tomoe shakes the body of the Onee-san back and forth. The number 1500… I see, Mio huh.

[Tomoe, stop it]

“Ah! I unintentionally lost myself… I am sorry Waka” (Tomoe)

Uah~, the face of Onee-san is dead pale. She must have thought that she could die depending on the extend of the strength. You could still see the remains of her fear.

[Mio, go finish it quickly]

“Yes~ ♪” (Mio)

“Unununununu” (Tomoe)

Maybe it was because she understood the reason of Tomoe’s smirk, Mio gave a positive response to my words and send a slight glance to Tomoe. Tomoe, even if you lift up your trembling fist, the result will not change.

The same 1600 paper was dyed in red.

“Mi-Mio-sama, level 1500-de…su”

The Onee-san read it fast and fainted. How pitiful. You have done well.

As expected, it seems that Mio has not increased her level. More like, even though I had her fight that much in the wasteland, it didn’t even raise her level by 1. Then, what did Tomoe do to level up 20 levels?

Did she leave a mountain of corpses in the wasteland? Should I go there and get the materials? No, they should already be in the stomach of other mamonos.

The bones and fangs may still remain so, I will have her spill the location at a later time, and ask the lizard-san and the orc-san to check the place. There is no need for me to go. It’s not because if I go I will lose the little sanity I have left, okay?

Making another staff member continue the remaining work, the weakest and strongest level adventurers were born once again.

Toa-san and the others quickly came and exchanged the contact information of the newly issued adventurer cards, and were happily receiving the envious looks of the people around.

It is probably the same feeling as registering a super famous player in an MMO as your friend.

… They are actually betting their life here. Well maybe not really. They have probably gotten a thick lifeline right now.

“Now that I think about it, Waka-sama, is it okay for us to not register at the merchant guild?” (Mio)

It’s Mio. It is not really necessary for everyone in the company to register to the guild but.

[In the future maybe, but right now there is no need for it]

It seems that our conversation surprised Toa-san and the others even more.

“Ra-Raidou-san, could it be… that you finished the ‘re-issuing’ exam in one day?” (Toa)

Ah, that’s right. I told them that I had lost it. Having Toa-san tell me, I remembered. That was close. I will have to get their mouths shut about this.

[Yeah, it was troublesome so, I did the exam again and I finished it yesterday. See here]

I show them the blue card.

“Hoh~, so you finished that harsh exam in the same day! As usual, what a display of superhuman ability”

The priest warrior dwarf-san looks at me as if she were looking at an abnormality.

[A ha ha ha, I am planning on using this town as a base to begin my company so, I am looking forward to your patronage]

“I will use it as much as I can”

“Will it have sweets~?” (Rinon)

The elf nodded vigorously for some reason. And Rinon seems to be imagining a completely different store. For now I won’t be dealing with daily articles and miscellaneous stuff. It will be Asora’s articles and medicines. It would be good if I can add the articles of the dwarfs later but, they are eccentric craftsmen and, on top of that, they are a bunch of people that were secluded in a remote place, so I am scared that if I carelessly try to convince them it will have a reverse effect.

“Uhm, Raidou-san. What will Mio-sama and Tomoe-sama do from now on?” (Toa)

It’s Toa. From now on?

Ah, she must be talking about taking requests or forming a party. I have a pile of things I want them to do aside from raising their current rank after all.

[The two of them are registered as members of the company as well so, things like looking for a place that can become our office, greeting the others, anyways, there are a lot of things to do]

For now it would be better to obtain a lot. This world has no net sells so. For things like gathering information and greeting others, having more numbers is better.

“Wa?! Ha-Having these two do lot searching and greetings?!”

[Yeah, no matter their level, they are still my followers. It’s a small company that doesn’t even have staff yet, so it’s obvious]

“N-No no no! Raidou-san, I think it is more important to have both of them do requests and increase their popularity so…” (Toa)

Toa-san is saying things like, it will become good publicity or something like that.

At this rate, I think they want to use them conveniently. Or were they planning on being their disciples?

Well, some day in the future I will be asking them to teach us the manners of an adventurer though.

First, I will clear up all the things that come to mind one by one, and then draw out the normal questions I have and resolve them!

[A ha ha, there is no need to do something like that. I don’t have any intentions of having them move as adventurers at all] *smile*

‘N-No way!’ or ‘Impossible!’ is what they said while facing me and the people around me were also normally saying abusive words to me.

But with a single angry face of Tomoe and Mio, they turned silent. How easy.

[Now, Tomoe, Mio, let’s go. Make a business card, look for an office and do our greetings around. We will get busy]

“With pleasure!” (Tomoe)

“Yes♪” (Mio)

“Onii-chan looks like he is having fun~” (Rinon)

Wait for me people of this world, using the sign of Kuzunoha, I will be providing you a healthy lifestyle with my medicines!

I should think about a logo as well!

Just like Rinon said.

Right now, I am having fun!!





Chapter 44 - The bad situation of the company and a new journey


After finishing the adventurer guild registration of my two followers, I went to another place to ask about the preparations I had to do in order to open a store.

I thought of asking about a good lot at the place where I would make my ‘business card’.

But it seems that the former will work, however, the latter doesn’t seem like it will work.

Regarding the land, it seems that they can prepare it soon and can give me the information of available places. Well, I can’t make hasty decisions since problems may arise.

But for the business card, the paper is valuable so the cost will be incredibly high if it is made in large amounts.

In truth, the price of only one was pretty high, so I dismissed the idea. For me that can freely enter Asora, a place that has money producing trees, it’s an expense that I don’t want to do. <金のなる木こと亜空に自在に出入りできる身としてもやりたくない出費だ。>

I don’t know how they make people remember their names in this world, so I indirectly asked them but, it seems that they just straightforwardly show their face. It looks like they are able to show each others’ guild cards and exchange their company’s information.

I was taught that there is also the method of giving presents every end of the year. I certainly felt that giving presents was an effective way.

It means that, to be able to live as a merchant, you must have good memory. If you are unable to remember the face and names you are already out.

I want to somehow make the business card and have them remember my face that way. I went through the trouble of thinking about it so I want to use it. Moreover, the merchant guild card can only be used when both parties are merchants. Isn’t there something I can use for customers? I should think about it.

About the logo, it seems that it can be used as soon as you have it ready. Of course, if you are able to design and make it.

But, more importantly!

The most pressing problem is the store’s place! This is the foremost problem!

In the case where you are aiming to put up a store in Tsige.

Our Kuzunoha Company will become members of the Aion kingdom, or so they say. At this moment, it was the first time I heard the name of this land. So this place is called Aion. And it’s a monarchy huh.

And, leaving aside the opening of a store inside the kingdom, when you are going to open it in a foreign country there seems to be a lot of restrictions applied.

It seems that opening a store and acting as spies is something extremely normal in this world, more like, when you are going to a foreign country to open a store, it is normal for the country itself to ask you ‘want to be a spy?’.

That I am still okay even with the stupidness of Tomoe and Mio, is because there is a fixed rank in the merchant guild to allow companies to open up stores in foreign countries.

Meaning that, as my name as a merchant gets more famous and my rank gets higher, the moment I want to open up a store in another country I will be called to the castle. Well, that’s how it roughly is.

As an exception, if you are a caravan merchant you will be called at a pretty early stage. Because while they are moving they are able to pick up a lot of information after all.

H-How incredibly stupid.

Why is a merchant that is aiming to do business in another country supposed to work as a spy at the same time? I thoroughly refuse. A merchant spy? Don’t joke around with me.

Just because I am in the Aion kingdom doesn’t mean that I have patriotic feelings. Don’t underestimate modern people.

However, it seems that if I refuse it will affect my future business inside the kingdom so it is not recommended, or so they told me. The reception Onee-san, with a sad face, tells me to not do it please. For the sake of doing business more freely, please fight firmly for your rights merchant guild-san.

Don’t. Joke. Around!

Doesn’t it mean that if they call me I won’t be able to refuse?!

This practice is especially stronger on Aion kingdom that puts more emphasis in information gathering. That’s right, this seems to be a problematic nation with high spy vectors. Everyone, this is an important issue so I said it twice.

In short, I found the land I was looking for, to get possession of it I quickly made a request to make a store, and it flowed in a bad direction.

The region I finally arrived to ended up being one that was zeal in spy activity. What kind of trial is this?

For now, I had a method to do my business without minding about the propriety of my store.

Borrowing an area inside the store of another company, I will be able to operate without minding it. It’s like selling takoyaki inside a super market.

From what I heard it is impossible, but there seems to be a way to do business without doing a petition to the guild.

With this method I would be able to do legal business, or so they told me.

So when I asked, in which nation I am able to open my first store with no connections and evil intentions added to it…

“Raidou-sama really has a different way of thinking. To ask which nation you should do business in. Taking into account the essence of the merchant guild, this is, in a sense, an ideal way of thinking. Not being under any nation, or more like, the towns are all affiliated to their nation. If you are to open shop there, it might be possible”

Now that I think about it, there is no international society in this world, so it is obvious that opening a global business is reckless.

To have a branch in every nation and have a business that would provide products at a cheap price which would treat their diseases or wounds. That was the ideal I had.

Mumumumu.

Get along with each other, medieval fantasy world!

The receptionist-san that is dealing with my wild thinking, told me that she doesn’t know the possibilities of it.

Well, thinking about the capital to open and the articles’ inventory, in the end, she made the conclusion that it would be difficult though.

Even so, a place where there is a chance for that, in other words, a place where I can push through, just knowing about such a place is a good harvest.

“Fumu, Academy Town huh” (Makoto)

“Oya, Waka, what happened?” (Tomoe)

“N” (Makoto)

I returned to the inn and while thinking about the details of the conversation, I mumbled the place that I was told about. The one that reacted was Tomoe.

“Well, I was thinking about the place we would open our store. Because we would have to get affiliated to Aion if we open here after all” (Makoto)

“Yeah. Even though this place has a lot of autonomy, it is still the territory of Aion kingdom” (Tomoe)

She is saying that this land is of Aion kingdom as if it were obvious. Tomoe-san, please tell me that geographic information faster.

“As expected. Then at the front we will be doing business under the roof of another company, and while we do that we wait for the chance and go to this Academy Town” (Makoto)

“Academy Town? What is that?” (Tomoe)

“So you don’t know of it Tomoe. Then it is most likely a new town. I was told that it is one of the few towns that are neutral. That’s why, if we open our business there, there is a chance that we will be able to do business in all the other countries” (Makoto)

The Aion kingdom is one of the four major powers’ pillar.

Meaning that this kingdom has been, for a long time, a nation that holds secret information. How despairing. Tsige is in a remote region after all, I didn’t feel like it was that kind of place.

… I don’t want to think that they are at a level where they gather every spontaneous information. The walls have ears and the sliding doors have eyes. To have that kind of thinking is unpleasant.

“Wa wa~, in the time I wasn’t watching, the world has changed quite a lot. I heard that the territories of the world have changed considerably” (Tomoe)

That is most likely because of the advance of the demon race.

That’s right, a world map. In this world, maps must be quite expensive, but it’s still worth to buy. I have seen bare hills, wastelands and a volcano though. Since the time I came to this world I haven’t encountered the pure sea, mountains, and a beautiful natural scenery.

In a world filled with fantasy elements, these points should be important. I want to experience them! The wasteland was light brown and Asora gave me more of a nostalgic feeling after all. I even found radish not too long ago.

“Then Waka, about tomorrow…” (Tomoe)

“Ah, tomorrow go to the merchant guild and check out the prospect lands. It is fine for you to choose the one that you feel it’s appropriate. Just, I will be returning to what we last said, since there is the talk about affiliation we will not be constructing a store” (Makoto)

“Is it fine to just buy the land?” (Tomoe)

“I want to have a store at Tsige in the future so. About the present matters I will go to Rembrandt Company tomorrow and decide depending on the result, but…” (Makoto)

“Do you have some worries?” (Tomoe)

Tomoe is totally in business mode and following the conversation without messing around. Seeing that Tomoe can do such a change of gears, makes me wonder if she is actually fit for commerce.

In terms of look, Mio seems to be more suitable for it though.

“Yeah, the type of industry we will be registering in. This is difficult” (Makoto)

“If that’s the case, didn’t you decide it not too long ago?” (Tomoe)

“Well, yeah. In the time that I was distressing, the ideal type appeared but…” (Makoto)

“With just medicine it is a bit hard to move so, isn’t it alright?” (Tomoe)

“You know… a ‘Do Anything Store’. I feel malice in this name” (Makoto)

A do anything store. As the name says, whatever it is, we will do it. But the advantages you will receive from the guild compared to specialized ones will be lower. For example, the medicines, commodities, raw materials, in exchange for being 10 percent more expensive, we are able to sell any of those.

For weapons, armor and escort supplies, it falls into the same category.

It seems to be the type of store that companies with long history take when they increase their range of products. As proof, only the big stores have this kind of type. It has a totally different image from the modern era’s ‘do anything store’.

When I suddenly told the reception Onee-san that I would applying as a ‘Do Anything Store’, she warned me that it was not profitable. She must have remembered our talk about a commerce route, the first thing she recommended me was to be a caravan merchant.

The reason was simple, to tackle such a broad area from the beginning is close to impossible. Because you would be losing to the ones that are specialized in only one thing after all.

Even I think that is exactly right.

“There is no one that would be able to oppose our specialty anyways, and I feel that thinking too deeply is not good” (Tomoe)

“A ‘Do Anything Store’ huh. I think its fine. And, Mio?” (Makoto)

“As Waka has told me, I had two of the Arkes head to the flower’s location. Ambrosia right? They should be returning in a couple of days” (Mio)

“I see. Then, Tomoe will be checking the lands and while she is at that she will be doing random requests. That’s right, finish them together with Toa-san and the others, for about one week” (Makoto)

“Requests? With those people?” (Tomoe)

Tomoe does a ‘why?’ face. Well, that’s the normal reaction. If she wants to raise her own rank, she doesn’t need Toa-san and the others to accompany her, she must be thinking that it is better for her to do various ranked quests or special ranked ones to increase her rank after all.

“I want you to learn the basic way an adventurer should act. And while you are at that, it would be good to learn some methods to collect raw materials” (Makoto)

“Raw materials, I see. If I remember correctly, Mio said that she can already do that. Then Waka, is it okay to buy a few books regarding raw materials while I’m at it?” (Tomoe)

“Of course. Studying is important. You are the one carrying our money after all. It is okay to buy anything that you think it’s necessary. I still have to arrange the itinerary before we head to Academy Town and the request to Rembrandt Company. There are a lot of things I have to do” (Makoto)

“I understand. Then, it is fine if I direct my reports to Asora right?” (Tomoe)

“Well, let’s see. I made a barrier so that no one could enter the inn’s room so. I will be resting in Asora at nights. It is fine to do your reports at those times. Oh, I almost forgot something. I don’t mind if it’s expensive, I want a world map. And also a map with details about the Aion kingdom. If there isn’t enough money, tell me” (Makoto)

I feel like details will be a bit dangerous. In the Sengoku Era, the strategic maps were incredibly important, it could even be considered classified information. Maybe we should just secretly investigate and make one ourselves. At least that way we won’t be suspected by this country. In any case, it would be bad to go around searching for a detailed map.

“No, wait for a bit. I don’t need a detailed map. It’s fine with a map that is circulated normally, one that will not be strange even if a merchant has it” (Makoto)

“Waka is a real worrywart. I understand. Then, I will be moving in a way that won’t raise any suspicions” (Tomoe)

Tomoe, what a handy girl. A person that can detect the subtleties of my words is pretty important. That even though she understands it and she does a completely different thing is out of the question though.

“I ask of you. Please do it well” (Makoto)

“Then, at night I will be reporting at that place” (Tomoe)

Well, Ema-san is also asking me to go to her place at least twice a day if I can after all~.

They told me that if I can stay with them for one whole day every week, everyone would be happy.

I haven’t used the bow for a while so (leaving out actual combat).

“Now, let’s sleep. It will be the last night in this room, good night~” (Makoto)

“As you wish. Have a good night” (Tomoe)

While looking forward to tomorrow’s busy days, I fell asleep.





Chapter 45 - Talking with the dwarfs in a drinking party


It’s already been a few days since the talk with Tomoe, and it was to the point that made my head go in circles.

The reluctant Onee-san opposed to my decision of making my company a ‘Do Anything Store’.

I told Toa-san and the others the situation and left Tomoe in their custody.

I know that I am being a bit naïve, but with what happened on Zenno, I can’t help but feel bad. And Rinon is the first person that I have been involved with after all.

From a third-person view, this bunch would look like people that were involved with loan sharks and ended up digging their own grave.

Will they just indulge in their temporal luck, or will they grow up from this experience? I honestly don’t mind whatever they do. If they level properly from now on, I can expect something from them. In case my wallet doesn’t swell enough…

Will they turn me down?

…

I have no confidence.

Toa, huh. I haven’t asked her age but, as expected, she is Hasegawa! She is practically her. It’s like, when you see two similar, you will find three. There is only one in this world though.

She is obeying Mio and Tomoe. And she also uses polite speaking with me, which reminds me of my kohai!

No matter what I do, I end up backing her.

Since the time we arrived to Tsige and did a party, I have managed to leave a certain distance between them, but it is hard to control myself.

Even if I know that the two are different people, I end up looking after her. Even though I know that it won’t benefit either of us.

I want her to be independent, but I want to look after her. Those sisters are, in a sense, a hardship. After the Goddess and my followers though.

Right now I have left Tomoe with them to learn how to act and to walk around the wasteland.

Even with how she is, Tomoe is actually a person that can handle people well. She is not a dragon for anything huh.

That’s why, the other job that I left her, she has been able to properly do it.

After returning from her requests, she used that time and found a good land for the store. Saying that she won’t be renting, but buying it, made the seller happy.

While I was going to all the residents of Asora, hearing their petitions, I made appointments with Rembrandt Company and have done several meetings with them. I received permission to join the store of Rembrandt Company as a tenant. (As expected, saving his family made the negotiations proceed smoothly)

I have also gathered information regarding Academy Town.

Time flies like an arrow, or so they say.

And so, at the six day.

Eh, that I have been talking all grandiose and it hasn’t even been one week?

Geez, it was seriously hectic you know? Every day, every single day was an instant.

I finally received the report of Mio finding the ambrosia. Wanting to confirm if they could get used to the environment of Asora, I accompanied her. Then took a few stumps of the flower and placed them on areas that had the closest resemblance to their own environment. I left the supervision of it to the Arkes that were close by.

The Arkes, even with those looks, are actually good at taking care of plants. Umu, I shouldn’t judge someone by their appearance. Their learning capability is also pretty high. Right now they are able to speak with everyone normally.

There was the problem of not having enough qualified people, but it’s going pretty well.

Tomoe seems to be learning properly regarding the raw materials of demonic beasts and mamonos, and over here I am resolving the problems of this land, but there are no pressing issues. Toa-san and the others seems to have changed their class, and their levels seem to have increased quite a lot.

They are most likely done with their rehabilitation since the time of the debt. I have asked a few times about how they are and we are able to speak without minding much about each other. Seeing that, I am able to continue my day without worrying too much.

Ngh, my naivety came out again. I have to be careful.

Tonight will be the return of the Arkes and Mio. And the time I have been in Asora has increased, so the delighted residents made a party to celebrate that. I am happily participating in it.

They are really good people. Their passion is a lot more profound than those hyumans.

I tried to, but as expected, because of the impact of their outward appearance, I have been unable to open up to them. And I use writing to speak. And my common language still ends up in groaning. Umu, everything is the fault of that Goddess.

As a merchant, I can’t continue like this. As expected, after 3 days I have already gotten tired of looking at them, well not like that but, it is to a level that I am able to get a good impression of them because of their outward appearance.

Even though they are beautiful in person, we are a business here so it should be fine. Certainly. Most likely. Maybe.

“Waka-sama is staying in a town after leaving the wasteland. How is it, the hyumans’ town?”

One of the dwarfs begins talking to me with a face completely red. He reeks of alcohol.

“It’s a good energetic town. Maybe it’s because they are in a remote region, they don’t hold prejudice on demi-humans, or more like, they float around the high leveled Tomoe and Mio” (Makoto)

“Ha ha ha ha!! That is pleasant! Well, with those two in town it is obvious that they would make a racket!”

“Seriously. Especially Tomoe, since the time she left to hunt, she has obtained a mountain of raw materials. The wholesale guys that handle materials are already treating her like a hero” (Makoto)

“I am jealous of the two girls that can be your companions. They must be overflowing with impetus every day!”

Impetus every day, huh. That is exactly how it is though.

I see. The people in Asora are always in Asora after all. To feel a bit caged isn’t that strange.

Then it would be better to give them a way to exit Asora as well. Right now it is impossible to leave this place without my permission.

I have no intentions of leaving them caged but, certainly, there are times when you want to go out.

“Waka-sama, what’s wrong? Suddenly going silent”

“Ah, don’t worry. As expected, being in Asora is too straining huh” (Makoto)

When I said that, the dwarf that heard it went *kyoton*, and looked back at me.

“Eh, huh? Did I say something weird? I only thought that you wanted to go out once in a while~ though” (Makoto)

“Waka-sama, look carefully. Right now it’s being enveloped by darkness but, where in this world do you think that there is a sense of closure? We still don’t know how far the limit is, and are only able to see that mountain range at the distance. And the other day, a large river appeared. The creation of the city has barely begun”

“Eh? Uhm…” (Makoto)

“Moreover, the harvest is plentiful and as of now we haven’t encountered any dangerous species! For us, this world is a place where we can’t ask for anything more, a paradise!”

What insistence.

I see. From my point of view, this is a garden-like world that was created by Tomoe’s power, but, in reality, it is incredibly vast, and the pioneering is still in its beginning steps. There are unknown frontiers here and there.

So for the people here, there is no sense of closure huh. I see, I feel a bit relieved by that.

“On top of that, we have Waka-sama and the others who hold a power that is outside of norms. People that even when we use all of our knowledge and techniques we are still unable to reach. There is no better happiness than being able to create weapons for you. Even the great elder is doing all nighters every day”

The dwarf-san laughs with a gahaha. More like, great elder-san, don’t overexert yourself! Even though you are already pitiful for being told by Tomoe that your name elder dwarf is too long and to make it eldwarfs!

“However, I want to try going out. There is certainly that kind of emotion in me. I have an interest in what has the world’s equipment evolved into”

“Ah, an interest as a craftsmen huh” (Makoto)

“Yeah. What level of things they are looking for, that kind of interest is also involved”

‘If we make poor things and it becomes an uproar, it would be troublesome for Waka-sama’, is what he said after that.

Certainly. We have been luring in several adventurers and having them take a number of items so, it would be better if there are one or two craftsmen that understand this.

The Arkes… are impossible as expected. They will have to practice a bit more in their transformation ability before letting them out. It is just a matter of time before they learn a technique to take the form of a hyuman.

There is no real issue in letting the dwarfs out now. In Tsige there are a number of dwarf adventurers after all. And even if they are elders, their appearance isn’t that different.

“Then, how about going to the town we are in, while looking after the shop?” (Makoto)

I have already confirmed that there won’t be any problems in letting a demi-human be a member of my company. The registration to the guild is troublesome, but the process itself isn’t that different from a hyuman’s.

“Oh! That sounds fun!”

“Then, please gather a number of people please. I will be meeting them at a later time. In the demi-humans species, the dwarf is one of the races which has blacksmiths that create outstanding equipment after all. Maybe there will be requests for weapons” (Makoto)

“Hoh! Is it okay for us to accept them?!”

“If it’s possible I want you to accept them. I also want to know the level of weapons that town will be asking for. It would be even better if you hear the wishes of the requester instead of suggesting them yourself. There is also the option of rejecting it if their request is a pathetic one” (Makoto)

“I am looking forward to it. It puts me in the mood of opening one of those festival carts that Tomoe has told me about!”

Tomoe, what are you teaching the dwarfs? The festival carts have an image of being expensive and have no good bargains in them though.

But now that I say it, it’s unusual. It could be the perfect thing to get kids in the festive mood. It would be good for the craftsmen that have been making the equipment for me and my 2 followers with all their effort.

The dwarf that was my talking companion called some friends and told them right away the conversation we had, and we began a merry discussion.

I once again look at my surroundings. Everyone seemed to be cheerful and having fun while drinking alcohol.

Lizard, Arke, Orc, Tomoe, Mio, Tomoe… Tomoe?

Uwa… Did I get drunk? I see two Tomoes. No, there ARE two Tomoes.

Ah, she is jumping up and down with a cup of sake in her hands, it must be that so called clone huh. Now that I look at it closely, she is smaller and its only two heads big.

That clone is the role of brain in here and doing various things huh. Umu, thinking like that, I am beginning to feel that her unfit drinking style is actually quite pretty.

I am relieved to see that everyone is getting along well.

Using a day like this to dance and drink creates a fellowship between us.

The various races are living in one place, so it is important to make this kind of events. With the implication of creating a new culture as well.

It will be easier to blend in if the culture is the same after all. If Ema-san has thought about it up to this point, it seems that she has talent as a statesman.

… If she is just a festival lover, it will reduce my stress in the future though. Moderation is the best. Moderation.

Honestly, I don’t want to interfere myself in the affairs of Asora~. Them looking at me so highly would make my words like that of a King, and it would end up as if I am driving them to a wall against their will.

Even though I say that I don’t interfere, I still pretend to talk with the new residents that come. As expected, I think it is important to speak with the people that will be living with you all the time.

Now, the party has calmed down a bit so. Each races’ moms and kids are slowly leaving. The ones left are the heavy drinkers.

I should return to my bed now.

Ah, that’s right. Let’s shoot the bow that I haven’t used for a while. Archery calms my mind after all.

Okay, let’s do that.

Then…

I will stealthily slip out and enjoy myself.





Chapter 46 - Makoto’s World




“Hngh~ this is nice” (Makoto)

Now then.

I stretch my body and take a deep breath, inhaling the air of the forest.

Taking the bow with one hand, I gaze at the handmade target. The distance is, around 150m. I left the target in a place that was covered with trees and difficult to see on purpose, so I made it so the distance isn’t that far.

That I have left so many obstructions on purpose is because I want to practice with my bow for the times when we are in the outskirts. I learned this from Sensei. Now that I think about it, she made me consider the situations and the requirements a lot. How nostalgic.

I take a sit.

Ah~, this moment is so good.

My mind is going blank. Hit the middle. Just thinking about that and concentrating on it. And then, spread my consciousness.

Changing my own existence into everything that is in the path to my target.

Me, my bow, the target, obstructions, the leaves and branches as well. Gathering them all into one self, I once again form the image in front of me.

Now, with this, I can even draw the trajectory that will take the arrow until it reaches the target. Well even if I said this, my friends only told me that it sounded right out of a TV program though!

I silently stand up and prepare my bow, pairing it with an arrow. For me, this is a gesture that has been perfected. I have repeated this process thousands of times.

To become healthy, to grow stronger, to get better. Having a goal is what helps you change.

It’s not an exaggeration to say that I have passed most of my life using the bow. My sisters were also learning martial arts. And the percent is certainly lower than mine. It’s not only because my body was weaker than other people, but it was a good part of the reason.

As a result, I was able to change my weak body, and it had an attraction that made me devote myself to it. I made my family worry, but it wasn’t painful at all.

The first time I shot my bow in Asora I didn’t hold back my power, I remember that I blew up the whole target.

I have properly made adjustments in that part.

After I finished putting everything up together, the simulation of the result has been done. The image of my arrow piercing the target will surely become reality.

“Fu~~” (Makoto)

My gathered fighting spirit becomes a breath and is released.

The arrow pierces the target as if it was being sucked in.

Again and again.

It’s a chance that hasn’t come for a while, so I shot several arrows.

And even though I am doing that, I don’t feel tired at all. Maybe it’s because I now have a superhuman body, or it might be because I am doing the archery that I love.

“And the target didn’t split. Hmph, good” (Makoto)

The sweat that was running down my forehead felt comfortable.

I don’t know how it works, but I lift my head up and look at the starry sky of the night. I don’t know if this place called Asora is actually a different dimension that has been created, or if it is a different world altogether. I seriously can’t understand this place at all.

If the sky and stars exist, does it mean that a universe also exists? If that is the case, would it be the universe of this world, or would it be from my previous world, or is it a third universe that belongs to neither of the two?

“Waka”

*Startle*

Did, I mess up again?

Why is it that when I use the bow I end up so defenseless?!

Would it be fine if instead of ‘concentrating’ on the line that connects me and the target, I concentrate on the surroundings of that line?

But how would I do that? …I will try combining [Sakai] with it. I don’t hate an honest trial and error.

Oops, no good.

Now, who is it this time?

“Tomoe. And Mio too huh” (Makoto)

Maybe it’s because my mind is clear, I can perceive nervousness in the movements of those twos’ bodies. Is it an urgent state?

But, I feel like Mio-san is the one that looks as if she will cry at any time. Why?

“Was that just now, Waka’s bow training?” (Tomoe)

Tomoe does a serious, no, a meek face.

“… Yeah. That’s right. What is it? Your behavior is stiff” (Makoto)

“Are you telling me that Waka has been doing this kind of training all this time?” (Tomoe)

From Tomoe’s face, a single sweat runs down her cheek.

What is it? What in the world is going on? Mio is beginning to tremble you know?

More like, hey! Why are you plunging onto me Mio-san?!

“Uoh?! What in the world is going on?!” (Makoto)

“Waka-sama~, you are alive! You are alive right?!” (Mio)

It seems that while she was rubbing her whole body onto me, she checked if I was alright.

Don’t tell me, an enemy raid?!

“Hey Tomoe! Don’t tell me that it’s an enemy raid!” (Makoto)

“… No. I am sorry for the rudeness, we saw your training just now. It was in the middle of it though” (Tomoe)

“Huh? And?” (Makoto)

I don’t understand the situation at all.

“The concentration that Waka does before shooting the arrow, or I don’t know if that is the correct way to call it, but it’s the time when you are sitting” (Tomoe)

“Aha?” (Makoto)

“The presence of Waka suddenly became thin, it was as if you meshed into the surroundings” (Tomoe)

“Aha…” (Makoto)

And what of it?

“It’s not ‘Aha’! That, that means, Waka’s consciousness died, is what it means-de gozai masu!” (Tomoe)

Hearing my affirmation, Tomoe made an incredibly intense shout. It was a daily practice that I have been doing for more than 10 years. Why would I die?!

“Eh? Why would I die from that?” (Makoto)

“For people to stop their consciousness and scatter it, that is a state you can only reach when you are dead or in a state close to that!” (Tomoe)

“I-Is that so?” (Makoto)

Even if you tell me that, it was self-taught, but it is my own way to concentrate.

“Waka-sama… Waka-sama suddenly disappeared from the party. When we stealthily left to search, your presence suddenly became thin, and then, as if melting away, disappeared-desu!!” (Mio)

She was weeping while a grand amount of tears ran down.

Oou. Mio-san is crying.

I, have done something bad… I think?

“Ah~ Uhm, I am sorry for leaving the party ahead of time, but this is something that I have been doing in the past, it’s like confirming my archery, or like, to calm my heart. So there is no need for you to worry…” (Makoto)

“… Waka, Waka said that you were just concentrating. What does that mean? Are you telling me that you call dispersing your consciousness, concentrating?” (Tomoe)

The infuriated Tomoe asked me a question while placing a hand on her forehead. Her temples were pulsating, and even her veins were showing.

What? I may have worried them but, is it something that would anger them up to this point?

“Yeah, when I calm down my mind and turn it blank, I extend my consciousness to the target, and when I collect the target, bow, and me, into one I…” (Makoto)

“Waka!” (Tomoe)

“I am still talking though?!” (Makoto)

“Are you telling me that you dispersed your consciousness up to that place and then recomposed yourself?!” (Tomoe)

“That is what I am telling you am I not?!” (Makoto)

It’s more like firing it than dispersing it though.

“… Wa~ Waka, I have solved a numbers of the recent mysteries” (Tomoe)

She abruptly changed the subject.

“What is it this time?” (Makoto)

“Everything is the fault of Waka’s bow training. You called it archery right? That is the reason” (Tomoe)

“What are you referring to?” (Makoto)

What, is it suddenly great detective time?

“The increase of Waka’s magic power. In reality, it should be impossible. Because there is an upper limit or fixed after all. Even if you do a large extent of training it will still be at a normal level, even as you grow up it won’t increase” (Tomoe)

Tomoe that was hanging her head down with a hand on her forehead, looks at me firmly. It was like a cut-in from P4*. <TN: Persona 4>

“However, on the day that Waka made a pact with Mio, your magic power was already incomparable to the time when you did a pact with me. And after that, the ‘maximum capacity level’ was increasing at a crazy pace” (Tomoe)

“Wasn’t it that your eye measured wrong?” (Makoto)

“That possibility is null. I have been comparing your magic power since the time I made a pact with you after all. And even now, the pace in which the Draupnir dyes is getting faster” (Tomoe)

Uh, that is certainly true. The time it takes to become red feels like it’s getting shorter. I thought that some trigger was the reason that made it that way though.

“And then, Waka…” (Tomoe)

“What?” (Makoto)

“Right now, Asora has gotten bigger” (Tomoe)

“HAH?!” (Makoto)

Making such a serious revelation so suddenly! Didn’t I ask you to investigate it last time and you told me that it was still an unsettled matter?!

“It may be unbelievable for Waka, but that characteristic concentration of yours has doubled your own magic power” (Tomoe)

“DOUBLED?!” (Makoto)

“What Waka was doing is close to suicide in our eyes, but for Waka it should be something habitual. That’s why we were looking at it for a while without interrupting, and it has become certain” (Tomoe)

“Like I would kill myself by just concentrating!” (Makoto)

“The dispersing of Waka’s consciousness and its reforming, and, as if matching it, the size of Asora increased at once. Since now, it has done so approximately 5 times. Even though it’s been a while since it has occurred” (Tomoe)

“Are you telling me that a river or a mountain has been created once again?!” (Makoto)

“No, it only got bigger-de gozai masu. It will most likely experience a geographical change when you make a pact with a new servant” (Tomoe)

“… Hey, are you serious? Are you telling me that I can’t pull my bow calmly from now on?” (Makoto)

“You don’t enter such a deep state of concentration when you are in actual combat right? In actuality, it didn’t produce any increases when you did so” (Tomoe)

“So the lever is triggered when I do archery in a calm manner. Well, even with that it’s still troublesome” (Makoto)

“We will think about a countermeasure for that in the future, but the problem is the increase in magic power-de gozai masu” (Tomoe)

“Eh?” (Makoto)

Is there something worse than Asora getting bigger? Magic power amount?

“With the current amount of magic power that Waka possesses, it would be easy to make a pact with a mountain of existences in our level. Even though you needed close to half of your magic when you made a pact with me” (Tomoe)

Eh.

“Okay, listen well please, Waka. Your current magic power amount, can only be compared to…” (Tomoe)

Eeeh.

“… Most likely, Goddess class. No, there might be a chance that it would even surpass that in the near future” (Tomoe)

Eeeeeh?

Bug class magic power? What is that? Are you telling me that I have enough magic power to rival a God?

That means it would be even harder to hide it! It would increase my burden even more!

Gyaa! It has surpassed the dimension of hiding myself with a mask! Even though I already made up my resolve to take it off, a new problem has surfaced!

“Anyways, please suppress it. I recommend changing your Draupnirs every day. I will tell the dwarfs to prioritize on making the equipment” (Tomoe)

That ‘In the worst case scenario I will be asking them to make equipment with absorbing functions as priority’, is what she said.

“Just, why did it come to this?” (Makoto)

“The problem is most likely the dispersing of your consciousness and reforming of it. When Waka does that, you experience dead, and it turns into a situation where you are being born once again. At that time, your maryoku goes from zero to a sudden increase, is what I think” (Tomoe)

By dying and reviving the magic power separates? And by repeating this process it doubles and doubles and doubles and then doubles again? What’s that, it’s not sweet at all.

“This Asora as well” (Tomoe)

There’s still more?

“The circumstances are changing. If we go by this assumption, the Asora that has become bigger after doing a pact with Waka, there is a chance that Waka will unconsciously ‘create a world’ that is close to your original world” (Tomoe)

“World, creation?!” (Makoto)

“We also don’t know about this, but there are a lot of things here that existed in Waka’s world, so we can infer that” (Tomoe)

“No no no no, using just that as evidence is a bit…” (Makoto)

“Yeah, but the stars alignment is something that I can’t understand at all. If this is the starry sky that Waka knows of, then it means that this is a new world of Asora that Waka has created. Then I could understand why the world changes whenever you make a new pact. Because when the creator adds a new servant, the worlds’ laws will increase after all” (Tomoe)

Starry sky.

Yeah, it may be a wishful observation, but this should be a completely different sky from the one in my memories. That’s right, as expected, I don’t want to believe such a crazy thing like me creating a new world after just a few days of arriving to it.

Yeah, hm, yeap, a sky I don’t know of. It’s fine right? The constellations.

I am not versed in that area, so I don’t know if Ursa Major was a small W or if it was an hourglass. Like Aquarius, Gemini, Sagittarius. I only remember the shape of those.

“Ursa Major, Cassiopeia, Orion” (Makoto)

I-I-I found them?!

The arrangement is a mess though. There is a constellation at that part! It may be ignoring the seasons, but it is certainly there!

“It seems that, there is a resemblance in the sky huh. I am happy that the mystery has been solved, but I have to put my hands down to this” (Tomoe)

“Bug, no, the Goddess?” (Makoto)

“Yeah, taking into account the temperament of that Goddess. If she knows of this, she would most likely move to eliminate Waka” (Tomoe)

Well yeah, if it’s that Goddess, she would certainly do that. She might even use the heroes. This is not an ambition of mine. Certainly not.

“Let’s hide it for now and think about a counter measure for it” (Tomoe)

This samurai great detective.

Now that I have restraint my magic power completely, for now I should hide it. I really don’t want a confrontation with the heroes.

I should take a break from archery for a while. Then that means, being able to shoot a lot today was some sort of blessing.

Yeah, a blessing. At least it reduced the chances of having the last boss attack suddenly.

Optimistic mind, optimistic mind.

Ah that’s right, as soon as I get to meet the medicine related people that Rembrandt-san will present me to, I will go to Academy Town.

And while I’m at it, I should live the life of a student. Ahaha, ahahahaha~~!





Chapter 47 - Makoto’s World ~Tomoe~


~ Tomoe’s Side~

My master was sitting.

His presence was thin. It was one step to death.

However, I couldn’t smell death from master. How contradictory.

Master had left the party before it was over, feeling that his presence was getting thinner, I arrived at this place with Mio.

What in the world is this?

Mio wanted to jump out as soon as possible to confirm his safety, but I stopped her.

Waka’s state. It was as if he did this habitually.

I instructed Mio to stay and analyze the situation. There were no signs of Waka committing suicide. On the contrary, he said that he would be taking off his mask, that he would make a store inside a company, and we had the matter about becoming a member of the kingdom. It was more like, he was living his life plentifully.

He was also pretty happy about Mio finding that flower.

And in front of us, an insane ritual was occurring.

This was an event that didn’t bore me when I watched it, but right now it wasn’t the time for that.

One of the problems that we couldn’t solve even when we investigated it, the Asora expansion, happened at the exact moment when Waka’s consciousness returned!

At the same time, Waka’s presence become clear, and the paired up arrow was send flying to the far away target as if it was being sucked in. Its gesture was so beautiful that it would captivate anyone. It was as natural as breathing. Our eyes move from Waka to the arrow, and then to the far away target.

Such thinking like ‘it would not hit’, there wasn’t even a shred of it in our mind. By the moment Waka changed from seating to moving position, I was already certain it would hit.

And when I moved my gaze from the target to Waka, I felt like my mouth turned wide-open.

The magic power of Waka that was already enormous, had suddenly increased.

The maximum capacity of magic power is not something that would normally increase. Even when you put your whole life into it to train, by doubling that amount you would be called a demonic existence.

There is also the secret method of utilizing a pact, but the demerits of it are quite big. In a lot of meanings it’s an outside measure, a method that could even be called a forbidden technique-ja.

And that magic power’s maximum capacity has suddenly increase by double.

His presence grows thin once again. Mio’s face becomes grim. I am also very anxious.

And then, Asora began to distort, and, his magic power doubled.

Are you telling me that he has been repeating a dying and resurrection process?! Asora grew bigger a number of times as arrows were send flying, every time an arrow is released, the expansion occurs.

Are you telling me that this world of Asora is responding to Waka’s increase of magic power and expanding?

Then, is the Asora that I create and this one, different things? This… is a world that Waka created unconsciously after he made a pact with me?!

Something like the creation of a world, is an act that no one in this world would be able to accomplish you know?

It’s not something half-assed like the dimension that I am specialized in and am able to interfere in.

That’s right, it can’t compare to this. Even that Goddess is unable to.

The Goddess ‘descended’ to this lands, and after speaking to a number of previous residents that lived in it, created a world where it would be possible to live in. She made a contract with the people of this lands, and on top of that, gave birth to various species.

As such, I and the other superior dragons are some of those previous residents. By the way, Mio is, in a sense, a previous resident as well. In her case, she was a drifter, she ended up in this lands by coincidence.

That’s right, even the Goddess couldn’t freely create it. I know that she is not the strongest God race in existence, but she is one of the Gods that were left with the management. She must have some status herself.

Then, what in the world is our master? Are you telling me that he did something that surpassed that Goddess by several ranks, unconsciously?

With his own efforts? Or is it the power which was given to master by that God when he came to this world, the one responsible of this? From what I have seen in Waka’s memories, it felt like someone who wasn’t that significant, a venerable God.

No matter if he came from another world, he is still a human being. Even with effort or assistance, it’s not something I can think of possible.

Wait, in the case that my deduction about this world is correct, it may be possible that I can finish another case which was assigned to me.

The irregularity of Asora’s climate. A solution to that arises.

Well, at any rate.

What an interesting situation. A person that could reach a creation-deity class magic power after a few more shots of his archery. How bizarre. Moreover, that action he does to reach the level of a God is not an ordeal but something he does habitually.

I will never get tired. Makoto is an existence that will never bore me. It makes me question if he really will die in a hundred years. I can’t believe it.

If that is the case, it’s not an exaggeration to think that the Goddess will take attention to this. More like, it’s possible she would use a number of influential people and even the heroes in order to overwhelm him.

Surpassing a God.

Waka talks ill about the Goddess, but I couldn’t feel hostility or malice, and even if there is, it was a pure hatred that didn’t end in murder intent.

He may diss her and he may quarrel about her. There may not be favorable feelings for her. But, why is it? I can’t imagine the image of my master bathed in the blood of that Goddess and pushing her unto the path of destruction.

It may be that I just don’t want to imagine his figure drowned in madness and hatred. In a normal case, it would be a treatment that would incite anyone to want to kill her. Of all things she threw him into the wastelands, it even makes me question her sanity.

In time, surpassing God. The name of the act given to God killers surfaced in my mind.

Anyways, it’s a forbidden word. Looking at my master that was downhearted and laughing weakly, I couldn’t stop my lips from lifting up.

A clerk in the company or the role of examining Asora. Even using me as a convenient dictionary for this world’s items.

Use me for anything. If it’s for this splendid and dangerous master that I can’t see the limits of, I will do anything.





Chapter 48 - The people that gather around the honey


~ A certain adventurer ~

Recently, the state of Tsige has been good.

The reason is simple.

It’s because new highly-skilled adventurers have appeared and are finishing requests one after the other. The names of the guild’s high-ups list has changed a lot. The names of those adventurers are still not there yet, but the party that knows them, all suddenly increased in level and are now in that list.

There are 3 new adventurers. However, there is only one that is actually mobilizing. Her name is Tomoe. It may be hard to believe, but she is level 1340!

It surpasses in dimensions the level of the ‘Dragon Killer’ that is rumored to be the strongest currently. Maybe there is a reason why Tomoe’s rank is so low, so her name is not listed yet, and as of now, only a few people in the guild have taken attention to this, but she is 400 levels higher than Sofia.

And she is a force that sweeps over the overflowing requests that were related to the wasteland. Right now, there is no one who doubts that level. There are a lot of people who have flattered her and tried to get closer to her, but I haven’t heard of anyone that has succeeded.

For some reason, the bunch that were conspiring to do something to the Rembrandt Company are also trying to get close to her.

When I investigated it closer, I discovered that the man that is normally with those two is a merchant. I don’t know what was the reason for it, but he provided rare materials that the Rembrandt Company needed and are now in a good relation with each other.

In the end, he is only a remnant that can’t even go out to hunt by himself. When I investigated about it, I discovered that he fishes for the materials of the monsters which were left behind by Tomoe when she is done. Pathetic.

That guy is an idiot.

I had my eyes, not on Tomoe, but on the other two. Raidou and Mio. Raidou is a level 1, he must not be a skillful person of significance.

This is information that has been cleverly hidden, it seems that the previous top ranker Lime attacked Tomoe and the others with quite the numbers. I heard that Raidou only punched one spell caster and the others were all taken out by Tomoe. I don’t know why someone strong like Lime would do that, even with those cheap looks he is actually an attentive and tender-hearted person. He may have been angered by the fact that the Rembrandt Company was taking the low ranked requests from young adventurers.

I think that teaching them about reality is one of the jobs a leader should do. Powerless people will one day end up dying. I think that people who can only do transportation and medic plant gathering should wake up from their dream quickly for their own sake.

However, for some reason, Mio didn’t participate in the strife with Lime and the others.

Mio is a level 1500, it’s a level that makes you doubt if she is actually a spirit. It’s scary that even if I were told the reason she didn’t participate was because, “She would kill them even if she held back”, I would believe it.

It’s possible that between these three people, Tomoe is the lowest. She certainly received some sort of order and is now taking requests with a specific party.

At the front there is a suspicious masked man called Raidou that is conducting as if he were big stuff, but that is most likely an act. He must be Mio’s pimp or manservant. It may even be a male prostitute that is being shared by those two.

Mio must be the true leader of those three. Her level is proof of that. Then it would be impossible to get a good response from Tomoe even if you try to talk to her. If you want to talk with someone, you should go to Mio.

My intuition is telling me that. This intuition of mine has saved me a number of times already. We reached level 95 and finally arrived at the point of entering the wasteland. I have talent, and I even worked hard. I have the rights to say so.

If you are planning on staying in Tsige as an adventurer, what would be the point if you are not going into the wasteland? If you are not going to be entering that place, then just go to another area to perform your activities.

However, the wasteland’s requests are all difficult. I have accepted a number of them, but, as of now, there is not a single one that I have succeeded in.

At any rate, the mamonos are strong. We can somehow defeat one with three of us, but in the case of a strong individual, that is impossible. We can’t do requests for subjugation or collection of parts. It would be another story if we were able to smoothly gather the materials from one, but the scent of the carcass will always call the other mamonos. The problem would be solved if we were able to take them on with only two people though.

The exploration and the harvesting requests as well. In the end, the high difficulty of these combats are stopping us from succeeding. However, if Tomoe comes as a vanguard, we will be able to finish it easily. There isn’t that much difference between us and that Toa party after all. That they can finish their requests one after the other, moving up in ranks, and also increasing their levels, it’s all because they are operating with Tomoe. I have followed them once. Just by having Tomoe there, they were able to concentrate on gathering the materials without minding about the mamonos, because the other mamonos wouldn’t get close. The mamonos that lacked intelligence attacked Tomoe, but they ended up split in half. I could only laugh. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call it a sightseeing tour.

Then it’s only proper that we also get to use her. Raidou or Mio are fine. If I am able to reel in any of those two, I will be able to taste the same flavor. Get materials, turn them into money, and buy good equipment.

It would also be good if we walk to the other towns around the wasteland. There is no doubt that by the time we return to Tsige we will be around level 200-300. If that happens, being a knight of the highest rank would not be a dream. Even martial art tournaments around the world would be an easy win. Even the most prominent empires’ competitions would send invitations to us.

Everything hangs on Raidou and Mio.

But the reaction of the other two people in my party was not that good.

One of them is a level 100 that got there by doing requests (that were not related to the wasteland), and then went defeating mamonos at the entrance of the wastelands. She told me that it would be more secure to just aim at the mirage town that has been rumored about. How stupid. Instead of looking for something that we don’t even know if it exists, it would be more effective to reel in Tomoe to us. That girl, even though she holds a prejudice against the mamonos and demi-humans, she is trying to go to the rumored mamono town? Just how many years do you think it takes to get to level 100 with requests that are not related to the wasteland and mamono subjugations?

The other one was even more negative about it, how foolish. He is saying that we should begin by obtaining money and buying good equipment. Like I have been saying, money, level, and equipment will all come to us if we are able to get Tomoe and Mio with us! It’s common sense that we can get cheap equipment if we have the materials! Please stop thinking about armor first when you are a man.

I began thinking about a plan. I admit that the wasteland’s risk is high. So I will arrange the risk and return, and will bring the discussion to those two again. Even if they are like that, they are the two people that have accompanied me until now after all. Taking into account ability and coordination, I don’t want to dissolve our party.

The important Mio is nowhere to be found. Moreover, she is way too strong. If her mood turns bad, she might even kill me. It’s not to the level of the base, but the weight of life in here compared to other towns is pretty light.

Then it’s fine to just get close to Raidou that is normally seen around, and then create a situation where I can talk with Mio.

Putting as much make-up as I could and wearing villager girl clothes that I would normally not put on, I tried to talk with him. But he was moving so busily, that he didn’t even pay attention to me. For a mere level 1. Merchants and magicians might be my least preferred type.

However, I didn’t feel like he was used to women. To call him a male prostitute was a mistake huh. Then, is he a manservant?

After that, I tried dressing as a brothel woman to make a body connection with him. For a man, even if he only sleeps with a woman once, he would hold affections to her. If he is not dyed by Mio’s colors, this should work.

But, this was a bad move. When I reached the step of drawing him in, both Tomoe and Mio suddenly appeared and abducted him. That man, he may be an incredibly handsome behind that mask. I didn’t think he would be a man that those two would fight for. Then that means, trying to lure him in with seduction will have a reverse effect. The ones I want to get close to is not him, it’s Tomoe and Mio after all.

If I had the other two’s cooperation, the result may have differed, but, in the end, the result was that I failed in getting close to them. My face may have been remembered in a bad way, the chances for me to get close to Raidou have certainly decreased. There is no mistake that he is avoiding me.

But, to have come to this.

I think of a way. A method to somehow use the power of them.

I could only think of poorly made plans. Above all, even though I escaped with my life, the chances that I ended up giving a bad impression to Tomoe and Mio are extremely high.

No choice, now that it has come to this, I have to make the other two cooperate no matter what. And then, even if we have to use cheap methods, we will make it succeed. With the two accepting, I began thinking on what I should do to make them move…

……

…

I see.

I will not make them move, it’s fine if we just move when they do.

It’s bad with Tomoe that already has that Toa, which is a darkness bandit. When Mio or Raidou leave the wasteland, we will tail them in a distance that they won’t discover us. And if they enter the interior part, we will just give up.

This is it. If it’s this, those two will accept.

We might get our hands on the mamono’s leftovers that Mio hunted. We could even arrive at the Mamono Town. The amount of weakened enemies and left over enemies should not be small.

This works. That I concurred with their talk of this being pathetic annoyed me though. Instead of following Tomoe, it would be better to follow Raidou or Mio, and the competition would be a lot less. Because of that, the danger will also increase, but it’s on an acceptable level.

Our plan has been decided.

Now it comes down to when they will move.

It’s seriously hard to catch the position of Mio. Let’s concentrate on Raidou. If we follow him, we should certainly meet with Tomoe and Mio. It’s not like he would enter the wasteland alone. Because he doesn’t have the level and rank. If he has Tomoe or Mio, they would let him in as a special case, but if it’s just by himself, he won’t get the permission.

However, he was strangely sharp. It’s also because he is avoiding me. The place where I was planning on meeting him was suddenly avoided and he took another route, and we would sometimes lose him while we were tailing. In short, we were unable to predict his next moves. I don’t know how he is able to detect us, but it is certain that he is being cautious.

That’s why I will ask for one of the two to change with me.

We three were born in Tsige and were raised in it. If we go with two people, it should be possible to at least follow Raidou that doesn’t know the area yet. I should make it so we are ready to leave to the wasteland at any time.

I should begin thinking about the time when we have to forestall Raidou and the others.

After finally becoming an adventurer, at this moment where there is a feeling of a war approaching, this is a good time to sell our names. An incredibly sweet nectar is hanging in front of me.

This is what they call, a chance of a lifetime. For the sake of rising, I can’t fail here.





Chapter 49 - The wasteland’s flower, the town’s flower


The ambrosia was certainly growing in the wasteland.

That’s why I had Mio and a number of others search for it, with a few days passing, they found it.

Without disturbing the area where the plant was growing, I took a few of them back. When I asked Mio who was the one in charge of them, she pointed at the plants.

“I asked these children directly. We properly talked out that there won’t be any problems with their propagation-desu wa” (Mio)

These children?

In this world plants can talk too huh. Fumu, this was a blind spot.

“So Mio can talk with plants huh. Alchemy, curing, you really have too many hidden specialties” (Makoto)

It’s to the point that I might mistake her for a surprise box.

“Even if I say that I can speak with them, it’s not like I can speak with them clearly. We can exchange our intentions” (Mio)

“And? Will it be able to take root here?” (Makoto)

“We will know that from now on. If it’s no good, we can bring them back to their original place and have Tomoe-san create a barrier” (Mio)

If hyumans find them, they would be taken out by the root and they would perish after all, is what she added.

I think so too. Mio, you really are growing up! I am truly happy!

“However, Waka-sama, there is one problem. No, even if I call it a problem, it’s just a petty thing though” (Mio)

“What?” (Makoto)

Right now it looks like things are proceeding smoothly though.

“It may be self-proclaimed, but there are actually people protecting the ambrosia. This time we took it without telling them, however, I think it would be better to explain them at a later time or it will become troublesome” (Mio)

“… People protecting it?” (Makoto)

I see. If that’s the case, they would certainly turn to search for the one responsible. Because depending on their actions, it could turn into Tsige knowing the location of the ambrosia after all.

If handled poorly, it could even turn into a war between this forest people and Tsige.

That’s no good.

“Yeah, judging by the trace, I think that they are from a fairy race. A serious and hard headed race that doesn’t listen to other people’s situation. I don’t know if they will seriously listen to us even if we talk with them” (Mio)

“But if we have the consent of the plants themselves, it shouldn’t become a serious issue, right?” (Makoto)

“No, as I stated previously, it is self-proclaimed-na no desu. As they don’t seem to have any methods to exchange their intentions with these children. They just look over the important plants, and are protecting them, is how it most likely goes” (Mio)

… As expected, speaking with plants must be a pretty rare skill. The fairy race looks like the type that would be able to talk with trees and grass, but that doesn’t seem to be the case.

Finding a plant that is on the verge of extinction and after that we protect it and look after it. We have consent and moreover, we are able to sympathize with them.

Fairies, fairies huh. Pixies, dryads, if she is saying that they are serious and hard headed, they could even be knockers. If it’s a dryad, it would be the appearance of the first one in my conquest strike zone.

The people of Tsige are just way too beautiful that I can’t get my hands on them you know~. I’m a good for nothing after all. On top of that, leaving aside the merchants, the adventurers are the problem. From neck to bottom they are so exposed that one has to look twice.

It’s to the level that even at great subcultural events it would be totally out, a cosplay that would leave you with a ghastly pale look. For women it was poison to the eye and for men it caused you to wanna puke. Either of them made you question their sanity.

One time, there was a woman that her upper half was practically leaves, there was one who only had a small cloth wrapped around her chest. Moreover, most of them had the lower half dressed as Arabia girls, the order is completely reversed~! Is what I wanted to tsukkomi.

There are people that have real moving beast ears and elves that have unbelievably slim bodies, and it’s also filled with various race beauties that fulfill all types of tastes walking around. Even the normal beauties are walking with radical attires.

MO.RE.O.VER!

Because of my two followers’ high level (I am completely sure this is the reason!), there have been a number of women that have tried seducing me lately!

When I return to Asora, leaving aside Tomoe, Mio looks at me with an aroused face (it’s probably not my imagination) and there are times when she comes to my room uninvited. Geez, it’s already tiring. Seriously tiring. It’s an important thing so I said… meh, I don’t care anymore. That’s how tired I am.

Being trapped in a trauma-like experience with a love confession and become an adult in one go. Losing my gas in a lot of meanings and becoming a sage.

Yeah, there was a time when I walked to the red-light district filled with brothels.

That was a mistake. I don’t even want to remember it.

I was forcefully returned by Tomoe and Mio, and they made a big uproar about who I should embrace. When they began undressing, I silently tried to get out of there, but I was stopped by a pinkish mist that looked like it would not be good for my body and a sticky spider web.

Even though I was thinking about paying to graduate from my cherry status with no strings attached. To embrace the two that are like relatives, for it to enter that kind of relationship, I honestly felt like it was close to a taboo. Tomoe and Mio are way too close. They cause me so many problems that I feel like they are troublesome sisters.

Even though they are my companions, followers, our relationship is more close and profound.

In terms of acquaintances, I have Toa-san that looks exactly like my kohai, and with just that it makes my stomach churn. Even if I lose my reasoning to the point that I would attack any woman that crosses my path, I probably wouldn’t attack Toa-san.

Honestly, if a woman that looks like Higashi appears as well, I am sure that I would raise a canopy in Asora and become a hikikomori*!

Right now, there isn’t anyone that I would like to connect my body with. It hurts my heart. It may have been a different story if Tomoe and Mio had separated from me and mobilized by themselves.

Oh, let’s leave my sex circumstances for now. So I have to give my greetings to the fairies that are supposed to be overlooking the ambrosia, right? Understood.

“Well, it’s not like they are bad guys. At any rate, we should meet them and have a talk” (Makoto)

“Won’t it cause troubles to Waka-sama?” (Mio)

“I don’t mind” (Makoto)

“No way~ leave it to me. (Maybe I should have just searched for them and ate them. For them to take the time of Waka-sama, such an honor)” (Mio)

What, just now, did I hear an incredibly dangerous thought? No, I shouldn’t be able to hear thoughts. Then what is it?

It must be that. It’s my instincts telling me that leaving this to Mio is dangerous. No doubt about it.

“Mio, isn’t it good to walk out together once in a while?” (Makoto)

“!! Together?!” (Mio)

“Yeah, yeah, together” (Makoto)

“Yeah, I will go! Going out huh!” (Mio)

Are you a rascal? What kind of tension is that?

So, the fairy race huh. What kind of race will they be?

… It would be nice if they have a big body and have a maid disposition, furthermore an Ane-sama type.

My followers are truly filled with freedom only.

If there is an Ane-sama type, I would welcome her with open arms.

No, more importantly.

… At this occasion, it would be fine if I put the Ane-sama type as the runner-up condition.

Not people like Tomoe and Mio that put me as a symbol of adoration, an existence that becomes the counter of those two, I am super looking for someone like that.

Author Note:

Mio is, so to speak, dumb.

That Makoto can’t leisurely put her hands on her is because, saying it bluntly, he is a good for nothing.

But because she is there, the women around him can’t put a hand on him as well (because she would get in the way). Being blocked, Makoto is in an edgy state that would make him explode at any moment. The person himself doesn’t notice yet that he is being cornered to that extent, and the dangerous gauge is just slowly filling up.

Well, he is a teenager protagonist. In a not so distant future.

The development isn’t that fast so in a story sense, it may be distant though. ^^;





Chapter 50 - My reliable blue dragon


Fu…

Fufufu…

Fufufufuhahahahaha!

I knew it. I already knew it!!!

That this world will never be kind with me!

Yes, this is Misumi Makoto at the scene!

I am right now using [Sakai] and both of my hands to handle the arrows and magic that are falling on us, while calming down Mio who is on the verge of snapping by using my left arm to cradle her. Covering for a party of three people that appeared out of nowhere, I am now in the process of negotiating a ceasefire!

Just what kind of situation is this?!

Chaos, truly chaos.

What in the world is going on?! I was seriously trying to hold myself down from screaming.

There are two enemies. It’s the rumored fairy race.

One of them is using a bow and sniping us with precision. The problem is that the shot arrows were multiplying and I am having trouble evading them. What a troublesome effect these arrows possess!

The other one has a short cane and, probably, using superior ancient language. Using magic that is called Ancient, she knits her arias, raining attack magic on our location. The thrown magic explodes before impact and it increases the area of the attacks. It was a ball of ice that spread like a buckshot and invisible wind blades.

That there is no fire attribute attack that could cause a conflagration is one of the few blessings. These fellows really like propagating attacks!

Just by the name of superior ancient language it sounds as if it were impressive, but it’s different from the language that I use. Well, as expected of being superior, it is better than the lower in terms of utilizing the magic power effectively in the allotted time. In terms of magic power it may be the number one.

The two fairies were perfectly exposing their brownish skin and using green grass as their armor. It looks more like clothes than armor. Their weapons are like that, so I think that their armor is also enchanted.

I thought that stylish green colored clothing would only fit the high-elfs from that cursed island, but it seems I was wrong. No matter what a beautiful person wears, she will still look beautiful.

Red eyes and white hair. Their body build looked delicate, and instead of calling it glamorous it was more like slender.

The one using a bow was one head taller than the one using magic. Those two lined up would make a great picture.

Yaa~! Please stop your attacks~ Hear us out~!

“You bastard hyumans! To aim for the crimson flower that takes root in this land, we will provide punishment!”

It’s troublesome if I die. If that punishment’s choice is only dead, I will avoid it! Would you stop shooting already?! So you guys call the ambrosia, crimson flower! Certainly, the outside appearance was similar to that of a crimson lotus flower.

“That sin, take it with your life”

What do you mean by *take it*! Is that modern terminology?! Are you nuts?!

Throwing me a combination of invisible wind blades and ice buckshots as if she were a demon!

“I’m telling you it’s a misunderstanding. Listen, I and my follower are not related to these three people. For now, please listen to our story! More like, stop your attacks!” (Makoto)

“Aren’t you protecting those three for a while now?! If you are not their comrade, then what are you?! Using a magic of unknown origins!”

I don’t think I can explain [Sakai] in this kind of situation. Even the residents of Asora were half-convinced after all.

“Moreover, I can smell the scent of the crimson flower from you. You, who has taken it, are now dead or alive!”

Are you a dog?! What you are saying is all weird, in a lot of meanings! Goddess you bastard, properly translate things! Are we even communicating here?!

If you are a dog, appear like a dog and be obedient.

“Wan”

“Why are you barking?!” (Makoto)

“Some sort of revelation came from myself, telling me to bark”

“Revelations don’t come from yourself! Anyways, stop… no, please stop! It’s getting dangerous!” (Makoto)

This browny-san is weird. If her ears were longer, she would be a perfect dark elf! Though they don’t have a dark atmosphere and the elf nobleness at all!

“Hey, you! Haven’t you been running away only? If you are able to defeat them, please do so right now!”

“That’s right, since we have finally found a treasure like the ambrosia! We are going to share some with you, so go and defeat those two!”

“I’m free~zing, dying~~, this time, for real, I will die~!”

Shut up, you hyuman trio. From the timing of your appearance, it’s clear that you have been following us! Since when were you the finders?!

If I knew this would happen, I would have scattered those three that were following me so unskillfully! I shouldn’t have been so cautious as to wait for what they would do!

I thought they wouldn’t pose any problems, so I let them run about freely, but it totally backfired on me. I admit that I was sort of confident I could handle anything that would come from them.

By the way, that woman crying about treasure, I remember her from somewhere… If I remember correctly, it’s that brothel Onee-chan. She was an adventurer?

From hyumans I am called a demi-human, and from demi-humans and demons I am called an ugly hyuman. Just how sad of a bat am I.

“Waka-sama~ its fine to eat them right? These, it’s fine to kill them right? Those two are wasting so much of your time after all. I will eat them, it’s alright-desu ne?” (Mio)

“Nooooo! Mio, wait!” (Makoto)

I deny that dangerous murmur Mio did while in between my arms with all I had! She is definitely planning on eating everything in the area! She is talking while looking at the floor after all!

All my ways are blocked! I was truly surrounded by all sides (counting my side). What should I do, what would be fine to do in this situation?!

(Waka. What a pleasant situation you are in) (Tomoe)

Oh, my first follower! Is it the arrival of a reversal? Is it that? Even when you are surrounded from all sides, there is still the sky?

(Tomoe, its Tomoe! Can’t you do something about this?!) (Makoto)

(… Even if I receive an order from a master that has gone to a date with just Mio…) (Tomoe)

(No, that’s different-jan. I just came here to talk with the fairies-jan. It’s because I felt that if I left Mio alone, they would end up in her stomach!) (Makoto)

Tomoe, saying that after seeing this situation. You seriously don’t know how to read the mood.

Seriously just come and save me, Tomoemon!

(You even bring hyumans along, it must be pretty fun huh) (Tomoe)

(They tailed us! Tomoe, I ask of you! It’s fine if you want to make paddy field or katanas or whatever experiment! If you have some sort of plan, please do it!) (Makoto)

(?! I was waiting for those words! Sure punishment or reward, is this society’s truth! I will drag those three hyumans to Asora, so do a moderate explosion of sorts please. After that, Waka can let go of Mio and have a talk with those forest ogres) (Tomoe)

Forest ogres!

They are ogres! Not fairies! Moreover, I made an incredibly stupid promise! I am a 100% sure that swordsmiths and paddy fields will be born in Asora now!

I have confirmed that they are a pretty grim race. Do ogres enter the fairy category in this world?

“Kill kill kill…” (Mio)

Rape face, the rape face came~

Mio is going in an incredibly dangerous route. Tomoe-san, I ask of you, please do it fast!

The forest ogre-san is sending a rain of arrows.

“DIE!”

“Please do something!”

From the forest ogre to the hyuman party. And from the hyuman party to me. The words were flying out.

The rain of arrows is smoothly flying towards us.

I make a flame barrier that surrounds all the circumference of the hyumans. The primary element of the arrows is wood. And there doesn’t seem to be any enchantments in the speed so.

The layer of flame that was spread out from the floor for show was still hot enough to burn them all. It wasn’t hot enough to burn the arrowheads, but if it can at least kill the momentum, it’s the same as not having attack power.

… Forgive me for the scalds.

I can tell that the presence of those three has disappeared. The fire wall that appeared all of a sudden made them fall in panic, making them unable to say any words of opposition to Tomoe who took them away.

So it’s finally only Mio and the fairy ogres left huh.

“Mio, hey Mio!” (Makoto)

There’s no response, it seems to be only a corpse~, no, she is whispering something.

“I’m so done, I will do it, eat, melt everything and drink it like juice~” (Mio)

Great. That’s what you will be doing huh?!

Uuuuh, no choice!

I was a bit hesitant, but I grabbed a sharp pointed ice shot with the palm of my hands and grasp it with force.

There were a lot of better ways, but it’s too late for that.

My blood was dripping. It wasn’t that much okay?

I bring my wounded hand closer to Mio, who I was carrying in my left arm. Accurately speaking, I sealed her mouth.

Her murmurs stop. Not because I sealed her mouth, it’s because of the red substance that touched Mio’s lips.

The feeling of Mio’s tongue in my hand send currents through my body. Geez, drink drink. And then stop your monologue that sounds like a spell of some sort.

With this, Mio should stop her movements for now.

Then.

I will now change my actions of calling out the forest ogres continuously while moving around.

I look at the girls firmly, and stop my feet.

“Hyuman, is it an internal fall down?”

They must be thinking that I burned those 3 people down. From the outside, it certainly looks like that.

“No, I just isolated them” (Makoto)

“Movement has stopped”

She soon points her cane at me.

I feel a change in the surroundings. This is wind magic huh. I don’t know what kind of magic it is, but I can partly tell from the aria what the girl is doing and the magic power that is gathering. It’s a big technique that differs from anything she has released until now.

“Mio, scatter” (Makoto)

One word, with one word I order Mio, who was being held by me.

The dark magic has a number of special characteristics that other magic doesn’t have. One of those characteristics is that it is the polar opposite of light which is the element of the Goddess and everyone hates it. By the way, I don’t care about it one bit.

One of the other special characteristics is that…

“Yes, Waka-sama” (Mio)

She has returned to her senses (maybe), I watch the flow of Mio’s magic. She must have ‘grasped’ the situation with a glance. How impressive, it must be a skill that was born from her instincts.

Just before the magic is gathered and its attribute added.

The magic that was being formed, scatters.

“?!”

The two forest ogres have a face that told me they didn’t understand the situation. Well, that’s obvious. This kind of technique is most likely in the field of acrobatics. I tried to practice it when I heard of it, but it’s still not in a stage where it can be used practically. It’s in a level where if I know about the skill that is going to be used, I will be able to scatter it.

The dark element eats magic power. Moreover, in normal situations it is very efficient.

For a magic that has been formed completely, it will eat it in a very inefficient manner. If you want to make it disappear you would need several number of times the magic power used. Against people that use catalysts like canes and people that gather their magic power in their fingertips, it can eat it quite effectively.

What would happen if the magic power gathered in the hands is eaten before it is activated?

The answer is simple. The magic itself will be canceled. Moreover, the eaten magic power won’t return to the user, so the magic power will be expended.

In short, a counter to magic will be accomplished. To every other element.

But you will have to be one step ahead of that person in the moment it is being prepared and be able to read the spell’s arrangement, moreover, you will have to activate your magic before your opponent and do a reverse scan on the enemy’s spell core, the place where the magic power is gathering.

The difficulty is really high. Well, even if I say that, Mio, who has been familiar with the darkness element for a long time, can finish this process as if she were breathing. Instinct, what a scary skill.

And you have to do all those acrobatics in actual combat. If you want to go against Mio, instead of using magic that has a long aria and possesses high attack power, it is more effective to use a simple and high powered magic that you can shoot continuously. Well, you may be eaten though. Yeah, I don’t want to do it.

“If there is a need to show our strength before having our talk…” (Makoto)

“Hoh~ so you are eager to fight now?”

“Wait. There is something strange”

B girl feels a slight disturbance from the fact that she couldn’t activate her magic. But it’s already too late!

“I will prove it to you by leaving you powerless!” (Makoto)

The enemies are using a short cane and a bow. However, if they aim like this, the attacks will reach my body completely*. <でも、まんま狙うと位置的に体ごと撃ち抜いちゃうので。>

(Mio, it will be glowing a bit) (Makoto)

I briefly tell Mio my intentions.

Raising the power of the light magic and making the effective time an instant, I throw it in between the two of them and have it explode. It had no special properties, it was only to block their vision.

Hmph, because of my mask that I haven’t removed yet, it is no surprise my field of vision is a bit bad. I think it’s good that they had a bit of an advantage!

The two of them were trying to retreat from the light, in that space I shoot a [Brid] on the objects that were on their hands.

I destroy the cane and bow that were their weapons. Just in case the weapons were sturdier than I thought, I had already prepared the next aria, but it seems there was no need to.

I, I’m tired…

We can finally enter negotiations. In a game all would be done by just pressing the TALK button though.





Chapter 51 - At the Forest Ogres’ village


The village of the Forest Ogres was in a different place from where the ambrosias grow.

They were truly good willed, or more like, because of their own feeling of responsibility, they have been dispatching people regularly to protect the ambrosia.

They are in a place pretty close to Tsige, but it seems that there hasn’t been a case where they have taken the initiative to fight the hyumans. It seems that if you don’t get extremely close, it wouldn’t become a fight.

Even if it becomes a fight, they wouldn’t be able to see their figures and would be chased away or wiped out. That’s why their existence is not known by the people of Tsige.

Well, because the barrier has been weakened lately, the moments that they have to fight have increased though. If you are able to repel every one of them, isn’t it fine if it stays this way?

It’s plausible to believe that the people who have disappeared are mostly because they have been hunted down by them.

The other part was attacked by different mamonos, but the result is the same anyways.

What is that? So scary. Are forest Ogres a rare race? Moreover, to not have their existence known, from what assassin organization do they come from?

I was able to take sit in a place of the village with Mio in order to begin convincing them.

That’s right, leaving aside the special AB people that attacked us, their top were people that are unexpectedly reasonable.

Well, when we arrived at the village with the two of them guiding us, it was expected that they would give us gazes as if we were enemies, no helping that. They were clearly tied up and made powerless after all.

There was one thing that I wanted to ask for a while now. I frankly asked them if they were an existence called dark elf, but they flatly told me that was wrong. Brown skin, red eyes, calming white hair. Even though their ears were short, I thought they were elf, they have slender bodies after all. There’s no helping that I thought there could be a short ear type too.

That they are able to dress so well even though they are not those high elves, I can’t underestimate them. If I have a chance at a later time, I should give them a blue skin armor as present.

“Dark elves don’t carry the will to protect the forest in their character. Even though they are elves who live in the forest, they request the power of the spirits from the forest and coexist with them. I have heard there are some that live in lakes, the sea or even mountains”

The forest Ogres’ elder answered me.

Then, does that mean the dark elves are people that live secluded in caves? More than calling them dark, they would be holed-up elves? It’s a name that blows away the cool image I have of them.

“… Dark elf refers to the race that pursuit black magic by forsaking the divine protection of spirits-desu wa” (Mio)

An explanation comes from an unexpected person.

Heh~, it may be the first time that Mio has taught me something.

I thought that there would be a connection with Mio because they were dark elves, but if they pursuit black magic, the expectations grow dimmer.

“We, the forest Ogres, are people that protect the forest. People that protect the forest without minding the spirits and receive its blessing. Protecting the forest, we are also called forest-forest*. I don’t know why you know the specific name of our race, forest Ogres” <TN: A pun which is read as forestforest, but is read as a zestful person>

Saying that he doesn’t know, the other elder-san was clearly asking me the reason I knew about it. However, protecting the forest huh. It’s a serious relieve that a golem of the strongest swordsman wasn’t set loose*. If that were to happen, I would most likely be dead by now.

Is it okay to tell them Tomoe was the one who told me? I don’t know why she knows, but it can be answered next time when I bring Tomoe here. It’s okay for me to not think about it.

“Do you know of the superior Dragon Shen? I have a connection with her, and I heard about your existence from her” (Makoto)

“!”

It seems that he knows the name of Shen. Unrest and surprise could be felt in the atmosphere around the round table. I already said it so it’s too late but, is it okay to use the name of Shen?

“Certainly, if it’s Lord Shen, it wouldn’t be strange for you to know our name. In this wasteland, the races that are not receiving the protection of the spirits will, one way or another, receive favor from that person. But the place where that great person resides is far off in the southwest. It’s not a place that a hyuman like you could reach. Even from the hyuman settlement called Zenno, the distance is close to one month”

Lord Shen? I feel trouble.

“Yeah well, it will get long if I talk about it” (Makoto)

More like, it’s a drag. Can’t we just omit it? However, I have an interest in that favor of Tomoe. Maybe it’s because they have lived for a super long time, I still don’t know the full past of my two followers.

Just hearing it out would probably take several days, so it should be fine to ask them in a suitable time.

“We have quite a lot of time”

Maybe there is a turn system when the elders speak. For a while now, a different person has been speaking at each turn.

As expected, there is no choice but to talk huh. Maybe I should talk about Mio as well. Taking out the part about calamity.

At this area, Mio is an outbreak class calamity after all. An existence that no matter how many times you repel, it would still appear somewhere else in the world. A vampire that is treated as a phenomenon.

I feel like lately, instead of human beings, I have been telling my circumstances to inhuman beings a lot more. Now that I think about it, I don’t have a hyuman that I frankly tell my situation to. I haven’t talked with Rembrandt-san about anything but business.

This is only the case if the family of mom and dad still exist, if I still have family members in this world, in time, I will probably be able to make a person that I can believe from the bottom of my heart.

“Then…” (Makoto)

While summarizing, I talk about my interaction with the orcs, the destruction of Zenno by the outbreak of monsters, the difficulties I had with Shen.

At this rate, I will have to stay for a night here.

Hah…

~ Tomoe ~

Well well, this is what they call ‘bean mochi from the rack*’. <TN: receiving unexpected good luck>

Since the time I was forbidden to look at Waka’s memories, for the sake of my own ambitions, I have tried very hard and I was finally allowed to see his memories.

When the ban for the period drama was lifted, I thought that I would be able to learn about the history of Waka’s world as well, but it seems that the permission I got was only about ‘TV programs’.

I was still prohibited from them.

If it’s like this, even though I went through the trouble of getting the permission to look at memories that are ‘not prohibited’ there is no point.

It’s not limited to hyumans, living beings that possess intelligence also. ‘I will permit things that I give the okay to’ and ‘I permit things that I haven’t forbidden you’ are two completely different things.

In Waka’s world there was a certain terminology, lis-something that is a cross-wise writing. Well, it holds no relation to me though.

Anyways, from the former and the latter, the latter has a lot more freedom. I tried to make Waka give me permission saying that.

Katana and rice fields, with just history dramas I am unable to grasp a lot of points like their history and techniques.

At the time when Waka said he would give it some thought, I could tell that he was kind of merry.

Mio had dangerous lightless eyes, three hyumans that I didn’t know about were running around, it was a really amusing situation, but I had some recollections of those two that were attacking.

If I remember correctly… they were there when I was about to sleep, they looked like the guys I made a barrier for, after their own had broken.

I think the name was… forest ogre, yeah, forest ogre-ja.

It’s because they are in such an isolated place in the world that they turned into a rare race, no, it’s better to call it ancient.

Living in a forest and still acting separate of the spirits, they are one of the past elf ancestors.

Opposing the same race that chose to assimilate completely with the forest, they themselves decided to forsake the ability to speak with the plants.

Although, it is a pretty old story. From my point of view, that’s how it was. They themselves were already losing their own roots. It is possible that they are already being thought of as a completely different race from the elves.

Not understanding the elves at all, they may be an existence that understands them less than even dark elves.

However, it may be possible for Waka to understand them. Their way of living is the same as the lumberjacks from immemorial times that Waka talks about. In the present days, it is the same as forestry.

In that case.

They may make an interesting proposition.

We are in a state of affairs where we still have a pile of things to do, but if it’s an amusing situation the story is different. The present direction has been decided, the thing that has to be done is already being done after all.

Swordsmith clips and the katana’s structure has been explained in numerous occasions to the eldwa (it’s an abbreviation to the dwarfs name I myself made, it is truly an easy way to call them). All are participating except for the ones in charge of Mio and Waka’s equipment.

Regarding the rice plant, I have found some that look like pure breed. Waka’s world, the staple food in Waka’s country. I thought there wouldn’t be any in his own world, but there actually was!

These are already being processed to increase their quality by Ema and the highland orcs. It is because we have magic that we are continuing our experiments to make the cycles shorter.

Accelerating the growth and establishing a stable environment. I haven’t heard about such magic before, but it was a new concept that Waka proposed so we were able to implement it.

He probably thought he didn’t make such a groundbreaking proposal. On our side, seeing the lizards and orcs that were listening to the talk with their eyes wide open, made me smile wryly. Just how in the world did he connect the alchemy’s medicine process with this? I can’t follow his thought process.

We were surprised by his abnormal suggestion, but Waka seems to have taken it as shock.

… Because, in reality, that was close to controlling time after all. Of course we would be surprised. Time attribute magic is in the realm of Gods, but by knowing the living beings’ structure and the way it works, we were able to create a result that is a lot easier to do without forcing ourselves.

Unbelievable. Science is a splendid, and also, an extremely dangerous thought process. It is probably not good to fuse both magic and science, is what Waka said, and I felt empathy and fear hearing those words of his.

Just like Mio, if it’s the desire of Waka, I don’t care about the worlds’ wishes, so I may not have the qualifications to dispute that kind of thinking.

Because, right now, we are thinking about doing such a dangerous thing in this world after all.

The awakening of the ability that the forest ogres have forgotten.

The Goddess and the fairies will surely be surprised. In the times when the forest ogres were aware of this power, they had to practice self-restraint.

However, what would happen if it is now when they are an existence that has survived the wasteland and have a long history behind? They are separated from the spirits, of course, they don’t have faith in the Goddess either.

That’s right-ja. If our wills are the same, I may use them as Iga or Kouga shinobis. <Ninja squad incoming!>

Nufufufufu~, my blood is boiling, my blood is boiling.

Waka is obliviously assembling all of the cast members!

Lately he has been half-hearted, or like, missing concentration. As if doing everything without any prudence. By nature, Waka would never walk into brothels or anything of that kind, but we found him tottering around in those areas once.

It may be a bit bad. He is still a person that has only lived a bit more than a decade. Moreover, he doesn’t know of women. It should be okay to think that he may have a mountain right now*. In my case, I don’t mind which side he falls onto~♪

But, how interesting. Really interesting. Because even in that state, he was able to draw in such a fellow.

To think that I was a person who drowned herself in pleasure. Lately, there has been a lot of fun times.

A glittering golden dream that draws in the people.

Then, let’s handle the troublesome things.

That’s right, the new visitors who have been dragged into Asora, the 3 hyumans. I am a person that has been moving as an adventurer in Tsige, so maybe I don’t think I can let them see me.

The welcoming can be done by the orcs, lizards, Arkes and eldwa who have been doing it all this time. No, let’s see, maybe we should use the orcs and eldwas who are skillful in common language and gentle.

It would be troublesome if they fall in panic and get wild. These guys are very low degree.

Now then, what could the visitors be dreaming right now? After obtaining fortune and returning to Tsige, what would your hearts be holding? Allegiance, opposition or greed maybe?

… The normal Waka wouldn’t have invited this kind of people. How would he deal with this?

In his unusual behavior, I connect a special outcome. Waka would call it a ‘flag’. I may be getting influenced by him.

Basically, anyone would be fine. It’s not my real intent, but even if it’s once, I want to meet with someone that has no interests.

Mirage town, and the rumors of it.

Fumu, Mirage town isn’t that good… maybe I should make it the Mist town.

Well, it is a designation that won’t hold any meaning after it receives a proper name though. Maybe I should reunite the residents again and gather their opinions. Umu.

In any case, the existence of this town is beginning to permeate Tsige.

When you think you have fallen asleep.

When you think you have gotten lost.

When you think you have died.

You may absent-mindedly arrive at the phantom town.

In that place, the mamonos talk in common language and they are courteous to visitors. You receive a warm welcome and are able to return. Receiving resources, raw materials and equipment that you would never be able to obtain in normal missions.

For adventurers it may be the same as winning the jackpot in a casino. It’s little by little, but the materials are beginning to flow in Tsige, and requests for it have begun appearing.

The groundwork that Waka has been doing for his company is slowly taking form.

Well, at the Zenno base, the moment that he tried to bring out that discussion, an “unforeseen accident” happened after all.

Moreover, after that, Waka was in strict guard mode and did a straight line to Tsige. Furthermore, because of the warrior training that I was asked to do, the discussion couldn’t advance at all.

… I was only able to increase 20 levels-ja. A bad dream I want to forget-ja.

It was a bit late, but I was somehow able to accomplish the orders. Since the time Waka got involved with the Rembrandt Company, his surroundings have become very busy.

Being leisure and losing the initiative doesn’t match him.

In order to be able to leave Tsige at any time.

I should also seriously have fun ♪





Chapter 52 - Walking with your eyes closed is dangerous


“I am Akua”

“Eris”

The two of them had sports drinks.

It’s been a long time since I have drunk any. To drink after club activities was the best.

There were a lot of things I wanted to *tsukkomi* about. Even the name of forest ogre A and B were interesting. <retort>

Being released from the forest ogres’ elders, I was treated as a guest and given a room. They gave me a pretty good room and even did a welcoming party. For now, it seems that we have a good relation.

On top of abridging the story quite a bit, I even mixed in some lies. I feel a bit bad about it, but I can’t tell them that I punched Shen or that we destroyed the whole base, so I had no choice. Yeah, no choice at all.

The girls that showed me the way, for some reason, introduced themselves and aren’t showing any signs of leaving the room. There’s no problems in leaving already though. More like, I want you to get out.

For four people to be in one room and I am the only man? That’s a no no.

… Because I feel like it would be tiring to keep them company.

I have already confirmed that they are people who don’t hear others’ talks. Wasn’t it fine to hear what I had to say for even a second?

The way Akua-san uses the bow is in the rough side and she looks like the type that would make a move at any time.

The mysterious girl that uses a short cane, Eris-san. She gives out the aura of a crazy person.

This time, the Maid Ane-sama search is a total fail. Well, their outward appearance is kind of exotic, so it’s fine. Akua-san’s high school height compared to the grade school height of Eris-san. It’s a perfectly uneven combination, is what I would have thought.

Sadly, I feel like any of those two would exhaust my spirit extremely, so I want to limit our association to this village only. I already have enough trick star girls over here.

And there is also the issue of my magic power enlargement, I am having a hard time looking for a partner to do a pact with. The previous two are quite tough, so there are no companions who I can lightheartedly say that’s the one.

I could also contract anyone just for the sake of confirming the hypothesis of Tomoe though.

Well, if it’s just about migrating, the pact talk has nothing to do with these two.

They told me they are the forest’s managers, in short, it means that they are a forestry race. In terms of race, they are useful but… I am not sure yet.

“That’s right. Akua-san and Eris-san right? Thank you for showing me the way, its fine to go now” (Mio)

It’s scary how Mio just said it because she felt like it.

Anyways, after looking at my memories, it ended up in her saying “I want to go to Waka-sama’s country”. Isn’t it more normal to call it another world? Or maybe it’s because there wasn’t enough immersion? She didn’t see all of my memories like Tomoe, so maybe she didn’t arrive to the point of calling it a world transportation.

Even guns appear in the thing that Mio likes. I thought I had understood this world, but there shouldn’t be a concept of guns in it.

It’s something obvious, but in this world there is no such invention as guns. Well, there is a chance that a weapon which uses magic similarly to appear though. That’s how deep magic runs in this world. Moreover, most of the people are able to use magic power, so the blessing of magic can be done by anyone.

There is no soil born weapon that does not pass through magic power at all.

The usage of it is also low after all.

Using games as an example, in this world the weak attacks won’t even do 1 damage. No matter what weak attack you do, an attack of 1 damage will not appear. Moreover, there is no critical hit that would ignore defense.

It’s not an exaggeration to say that once you reach a certain amount of defense power, the magic attacks that don’t work on you will technically be nullified. The weapons possess their own magic power, but the bullets that are separated from this principle also fall in this example.

The bow and arrows that are in your hands for a short period of time are inferior to swords and lances, but there seems to be magic imbued in them as well.

Even if you throw an iron ball on a low ranked dragon, it wouldn’t hurt it at all. But a level 150 that is specialized in close combat, if he were to attack, even with a sword made of iron the scales would tear. By law, the attack power of an iron ball should be higher.

Obviously, for a metal that is not suited for magic power flow will have its attack power limited, so to attack a superior dragon with an iron weapon would be pushing it. It’s an example, just an example.

That’s why, guns would only become weapons to kill weak opponents.

Well, there’s not even the concept of it. The two other heroes should not be idiots, so they would not talk about the concept of guns. It would only make the chances of a massacre occurring in war a lot higher after all.

In this world, it wouldn’t reach the point of gunpowder and disappear without even developing. The things that gunpowder can do, can mostly be done by magic as well.

“No, we want to hear the future plans of our guest”

“Keep us company”

How irritating. Hah~, I feel like getting angry.

“Unfortunately, Waka-sama and I are busy-desu. I want you to retire-desu” (Mio)

Mio, nice. I can only smell nuisance from this.

“We only want to present you our teacher though”

“Shouldn’t you accompany us as compensation of breaking our weapons?”

Their teacher huh… Yeah, I definitely don’t want to meet him/her. If it’s a character related to them, my stomach wouldn’t hold. A person that doesn’t listen to others’ talks, an active and offensive type of crazy. My will to meet him/her is as low as if I were to meet Mio before the pact.

“I am sorry, but I am tired after having to fight with you guys, you see. We already took a meal as well, we want to rest. Elder-san also lend us a room for that reason after all” (Makoto)

‘As an apology for those two’s rudeness, we are preparing a banquet, so please rest’, is what they told me and lend me a room. Or more like, they pushed it onto me.

Do they have something to ask me at the time of the banquet? I don’t know what sort of banquet they will be doing, but since we are also able to participate, it could be a festival of sorts.

We came at a good time. Lucky.

“Tired? You? Don’t make me laugh”

“It’s child’s play so come come”

As expected, these two are hard to handle. I don’t want to keep them company. But this exchange, there is a person who has a boiling point lower than mine so, what should I do? It would hurt for mumbling Mio to come out again. I have already received treatment, but I don’t want to shed blood again.

“Excuse me”

While I was groping for a method to refuse the forceful invitation of the forest ogres that were at the room’s entrance, I heard the voice of a new person.

A clear and yet calming low tone sound. Sexy guys should die.

When I search for the owner of that voice, behind AB, there was a young man with an abnormally white skin. The forest ogres’ elders were also young looking, so I don’t know if he is really a young man though.

Aside from his skin color, his other body characteristics were the same as the other people in the village, but… what is it? There is something that bothers me. There is a discomfort in me. Is he using a magic of some sort?

Above all, I didn’t like that he appeared while erasing his presence.

“And you are?” (Makoto)

I take the initiative to ask the man who walked through the way that AB opened. The position of him may be even higher than those two, there was no complain from them. However, the presence of him wasn’t that gentle. Close to animosity, it could be called disregard.

“I apologize for the constant discourtesy. My name is Adonou. A relative of one of the elders, saying it bluntly, I am a son. *In terms of workplace, I am one who is in the middle of returning from his workplace”

“Thank you for your kind introduction. My name is Raidou. This is my companion, Mio. It is very kind for the relative of an elder to come all the way here so late. I am sorry for the rudeness but, Adonou-sama doesn’t feel well somewhere? If it is fine with you, I can provide you a medication that can serve as nourishment” (Makoto)

Courteous and kind. But behaving as a merchant. As long as I don’t know the objective of the other side, instead of being a member of Asora, I thought it would be better to act as a merchant that coincidentally arrived at the village. I am getting tired of having them come one after the other though.

My act can be hidden by my young age and the lack of experience. Even with a mask hiding my face, I still look young after all. If I take off my mask, I will have to put the mask of a merchant. I will most likely be looked down upon.

“Eh? Ah, you must be referring to the color of my skin. I had this color since birth, so the state of my body is perfect. I see, a merchant huh. That is what my father said as well. I heard that you were skilled, so I totally thought that you were an adventurer when I spoke to you, hahaha”

“I am also registered as an adventurer, but that is just for appearance’s sake. I am a rookie merchant. I have also recently opened my company. It’s called Kuzunoha Company. Glad to meet you” (Makoto)

“If we talk about a human being town that has a merchant guild, it can’t be the base. *Are you staying in Tsige*?” <ツィーゲからいらしたのですか>

What is up with this guy? In regards to that, I should have already told everything at the round table assembly. How troublesome.

“Yeah, that’s right. I came from Tsige” (Makoto)

Could he be searching for lies with magic? I still don’t know the identity of this rough feeling, and I don’t like the fake-looking smile he has. I may also be making a fake-looking face though.

Damn it, with just Mio staying silent I am having a bad feeling, and yet…

“I see I see. It seems that it was only a needless anxiety of mine. Excuse me, by evening the banquet’s preparations will be done. I have some business to attend to, so I will not be able to participate, but please do enjoy it”

After the man Adonou bowed lightly, he put on his shoes and walked into the corridor. There was no sound of footsteps.

“Adonou-dono, in the past he wasn’t that eerie”

“Adonou is weird”

“Uhm, can’t you disappear now? We have things to do” (Mio)

Mio seems to be annoyed, she send sharp words to the Akua-Eris combi. If these guys are here, we are unable to go to Asora, so my feelings are the same.

I want to be alone for a while though.

“As expected, we will have you meet *shishou*” <master>

“Its fine, it will only hurt the first time”

These fellows, do they not know how to read others’ feelings? Seriously, they should…

*Baki—i!

“!!”

Leaving Mio on watch of AB, I react to the sound behind me.

The sound of destruction.

Or more like, the wooden walls of the room have been destroyed. There were no windows so it serves as ventilation, wait, that’s not it.

Was it bad to not use [Sakai] because they were so troublesome? I didn’t notice it.

“Yo! Are you guys the guests?!”

One ‘demonic person that doesn’t hear others’ talks, an active and offensive type of crazy’ has appeared.

The teacher and students are a group of useless kids huh.

I don’t know how, but I am sure of it. This one is their Shishou.

“I heard that you treated Akua and Eris as kids? That’s quite impressive, hey, the Nii-chan over there, handshake! Let’s do a handshake!”

“Shishou!”

See? The two’s reaction is on point. However, when he said handshake, the two’s tension appeared. Don’t tell me he has incredible grip power?! Will I go ‘ouch ouch ouch’?!

Well, if it’s just a handshake, I can tolerate it.

Now that I have met him, this type of perverted person won’t back down. Let’s just finish this quickly and have them leave.

Because, you know, destroying a room’s wall in order to barge in and say ‘Yo’, that’s just no good. I am sure that Mio will end up showing her rape face again.

*Mugi <sound of hand gripping>

Uh, eh? I am not going ‘ouch ouch ouch’.

*Mugi~ mugyu

*Moshimoshi*, this is gross old man. <Hello~>

I have my hand gripped by a man with a scary serious face and swept back hair.

… Ah! Don’t tell me, does he swing THAT way?! No good, I demand evasive maneuvers! This is a situation that surpasses intellectual inquisitiveness!

“Hoh~?”

*Zowa

C-Chills are…!

“Wah, can you please release my hand?” (Makoto)

I was already not putting any strength from my side. Because of the fear, my strength is draining.

“This is quite…”

*Zowazowa

AB and Mio gulped. An extremely strange air was beginning to permeate our surroundings.

“It’s been a long time, how nice”

*Zowazowazowa!

*Buchi!

“I’m telling you to let go, eh, buchi?” (Makoto)

“Divine punishment!!!!!”

I was already reaching the limits of my patience. The moment I was about to do a karate chop on the guy that was doing a handshake…

I seem to have heard the sound of a vein popping and a gale began to dance in the surroundings, the pervert’s figure dissapeared.

Oh?

At my left side I could see an agitated Mio, her shoulders going up and down from her breathing.

So she was the one that said divine punishment huh. She is holding her folding fan in one hand.

Ah! So she blew away the pervert with that! That I can’t see his figure is because he must have exited the room from the wall he himself destroyed. Flying.

Is he alive? No, he is alive. Those kind of types won’t easily go down.

“Shi-Shishou~!”

AB analyzed the situation slower than me, letting out their voices once more, they left on the same wall and followed the traces of their Shishou.

“I…” (Mio)

“I?” (Makoto)

“Not even I have been so close to Waka-sama like that and yet! That scoundrel! 32 seconds with Waka-sama!” (Mio)

Scary!!

You are also scary enough!

A suspicious muscular homo and a hungry and vigorous yandere huh.

What dreadful choices. If this were an *eroge* and it were the hot topic in society, I still have confidence I would not put a hand on it. <Erotic dating games>

For now, I didn’t want to think about anything.

I will go sleep obediently until the banquet. To recover my sanity, sleep is necessary. I don’t have confidence in having a sound sleep though.

~ ??? ~

What a hard to understand existence have I encountered.

He is suspicious of me. I’m probably not wrong.

It’s been a while since I entered this rare race, but it’s the first time I have seen such an existence.

Neither of them are mere hyumans.

If they are the existences I have been looking for… Well, I don’t think such a thing is possible though.

Then, without minding anyone, I will move. To reach my long-cherished desire is my utmost priority.

The possibility of this interesting power to not work has appeared. So I have to take care of them with my real body huh.

What should I do about communication?

It wouldn’t be fun if there’s a hindrance. It’s decided.

That’s right.

… There’s no need. That woman was originally just in an equivalent cooperation with me. No, it could be said that I was using her.

No matter what the truth is, I have taken an interest in those fellows. I want them as experiment material.

I have already understood the ability of the forest ogres, so there is no need for me to stay here anymore. In the end, it was something I didn’t need.

After so long, I might have arrived at an existence that might give me a clue of ‘that’.

At the banquet.

I will receive it without delay.

The masked boy and the black woman.

That you have met me was your misfortune.





Chapter 53 - After the feast


~ Mio ~



Even though it was my long-awaited date with Waka-sama. Those hyumans, and the ones called forest ogres also. Why is it that so many nuisances are appearing?

It was an unthinkable blessing that I received the body fluids of Waka-sama, but there were way too many unamusing things happening.

After finishing the troublesome questioning, we finally got our room, but then those two began talking about something useless like their Shishou or whatever.

And there was a guy with evil complexion killing his presence and creeping on us as well.

M-Moreover, that Shishou they were talking about!

Even though I have only been in contact with Waka-sama’s body 31 seconds!

He impudently took Waka-sama’s hand and didn’t show signs of letting him go!

I was forbidden from violent actions, but I had already reached my limit and finally, I ended up hitting him once. It’s a matter of course. The logical outcome. Having contact for 32 seconds, it is fine if he died from this.

Waka-sama scolded me firmly after that with, ‘You (You he says, geez, Waka-sama you prick♪), weren’t you thinking what would have happened if I had continued holding his hand?’.

He had something to ask, so the sermon ended quickly though.

Among those four, a weird one was mixed in.

What Waka-sama asked me was close to that matter-de gozai mashita. As expected of Waka-sama!

You have long noticed that I knew something.

But I felt like the direction was a bit different though. Well, it’s fine right? If we investigate the weird one, there will surely be no problems.

Up to here, this date was the worst.

But the part after it was pretty fun-desu. Thanks to Waka-sama.

Ah~, could this development be…?

My heart was dancing with expectation, as Waka-sama ordered me something a bit different from what I thought.

‘Mio, I want you to investigate something out’, is what he said.

Ah~, infiltration! Bugging!

I have always wanted to try those kind of things-desu! Is it okay to not disguise myself?!

He warned me that there was no need for a disguise. That in this case, he doesn’t want me to be seen.

Ufufu, however, it was fun!

Because it seems that he liked the results and even praised me. When we return to Asora, I will ask permission to watch the second part of the story! Or maybe I should watch the movie?!

After the banquet, the one who I was told to investigate began moving.

When I asked Waka-sama, ‘Is it okay to eat him?’ he ordered me to bring Tomoe-san here.

In short, I will be leaving Waka-sama alone.

But I obediently nodded to my master’s order.

Because…

Waka-sama said that it was right on time.

In these last few days, Waka-sama has been quite in the offensive and there are times when he seems irritated.

Since the time we left to the wasteland, I have felt Waka-sama’s gaze in my neck and chest area. This hasn’t happened before.

Maybe the time when he will ask me to attend him will come close. I was extremely vexed, if Waka-sama is going to the point of buying a woman in town, why won’t you call me for that? I felt like I was below those girls and was feeling sad. With how he is today, I don’t think it has anything to do with this-desu.

It is the first time I have heard that a man being violent is a sign of him wanting to be ‘attended’, but comparing the Waka-sama from before, this Waka-sama is clearly strange. It is only a bit, but I am looking forward to it-desu.

I don’t know what Waka-sama is thinking about (I am wishing for it to be carnal desire for me), but I concluded for now that it was the feeling of wanting to go wild.

Might as well do it at this instant if my body is enough, is what I thought but… Ufufufu.

By the time I call Tomoe-san here and we return, it will probably not even become a fight, it will already be over by that time. Rather, if Waka-sama is having pent up desires, for me it would be even…

Eating food is one of the only things I look forward to, but in this case, I don’t mind leaving it for later.

I had something else to report as well, but I wasn’t able to do it. Because the restless Waka-sama told me to quickly go to Asora.

In this town there was not a single one that could pose a threat to Waka-sama. So there were no problems in leaving him alone.

The small fries AB and the pervert as well, if they get even a glimpse of Waka-sama’s power, they would lose all hostility they had on him.

Even if the forest ogres end up going to Asora, when it happens it happens. If it is Waka-sama’s decision, I will not object.

The small fries, the pale one, and the pervert. I will have to warn the kids to not eat them-desu wa.

This night or tomorrow. Maybe Waka-sama will desire me.

Hmph, what is it?

Even though I want Waka-sama to use me, even though I want to attend him…

Being desired while he is in that kind of state, one part of me feels a bit sad.

I don’t understand. There is no way this is happening-desu.

It must be my imagination-desu wa.

~ Makoto ~

“Well well, when I thought I had already cleared all the curses, it’s now the turn of undead huh. I’m asking only for reference but, is this alive?” (Makoto)

“Don’t put me on the same level as those low class undead ghouls. Those guys absorb the needed vitality from me to manifest”

“… Heh~, I see” (Makoto)

The skeleton-san kindly answers my question. Using big words like ‘manifest’, aren’t you pretty haughty?

You know, I can easily see that this is not the level of a low ranked being.

A body made purely out of bones. Wearing a high-class looking robe with black as its basis and gold for the arrangements, from inside the hood one could see the eye sockets of the skull which were shining an ominous dark red light.

A valuable-looking staff which seemed to be inlayed with numerous gems.

Based on his appearance, one could see him as a Lich.

From my knowledge, this is the pattern of an unpleasant fellow. If he is the previous shell of a famed magician, he must be pretty strong.

I was trying to confirm the safety of the man who was lying down beside him. It seems that he was still alive.

It was a bit regrettable. As expected, muscle brains won’t die huh.

And then, I look at the thing that was in between me and the skeleton and give him a glance shooting him the same question I did before.

“Does it look alive to you?”

The words that were sent back were in the form of a question, but it was also an answer in itself.

There was one forest ogre stretched out on the floor with an anguished expression, a lung hemorrhage and completely dried up.

“Why… did you kill her?” (Makoto)

“That fellow was kind of a troublesome errand woman you see, she was doing secret tasks in this place. She became a hindrance”

“You know so much of her internal affairs. In short, it was an internal fallout?” (Makoto)

“No. I don’t have comrades”

I see, in his surroundings he only leaves the people who are advantageous for him. He is that type of person huh.

“Your objective is?” (Makoto)

“Death to you. She is not here now, but there is also the woman that was with you as well”

“I don’t remember doing anything to be hated for though?” (Makoto)

“You do too many questions boy. For you to not be affected a single bit by my miasma. You interest me more and more”

Miasma. So this is miasma huh.

Certainly, this is not air that I would want to breathe in for a long time. I think I am feeling a bit worse after breathing it in.

Behind me, I could see the pale faced AB that are supposed to be warrior class forest ogres. It seems that whatever miasma is showing effects on them.

“I will repay the sparks that have been created”

I could tell that the miasma was being mixed with magic power. He is totally a magic based type.

… I am sorry but, isn’t this the easiest one until now? Because my cheat is related to magic correction which is supposed to be the hardest among all right?

I was scared of any abnormalities occurring, so as a counter-measure I even made an assembly with the knowledgeable ones, Tomoe, Mio, orcs and I even called the Arkes.

—- In that meeting —

Everyone was flabbergasted. I could feel slight doubt from them.

They questioned me on why I was asking about my abnormal magic.

Tomoe created mist and faced it towards me. Mio also creates a string that seemed to be made out of darkness and threw it at my arm.

The Arkes made a yellow one, and the orcs made a purple ball and threw it.

I didn’t feel any hostility, so I received them all.

Nothing happened. It felt as if there wasn’t any sort of change in me at all.

When I asked what they did, they in turn said bewitching, curse, paralysis, deadly poison magic.

… I asked them and they told me incredibly dangerous things. Hey, if there is no hostility in it, don’t use such things!

But it didn’t have any effect anyways, and it seems they already knew that would happen.

When I asked why.

They told me that, even if you pour water at the sea or throw salt at it, nothing will happen. It seems that because my magic power limits are so high, the abnormal effects will be practically useless on me. Changing the flavor in a cup of water isn’t that hard. In short, that is how normal people work.

——

“There is something I would to ask of you so. There is no way I would kill you”

I probably have a certain kill technique that might work on him but, sadly, I also have some things I want to ask this skeleton. This is the first magic specialized character after all, and he also said ‘that woman’.

Actually, if I use [Sakai] to seal all the use of magic power, I think it would be checkmate. When I tried doing it in the past, Tomoe and Mio were unable to use magic and even I couldn’t use magic as well, so I am able to use this ability to seal magic.

But if I seal the magic, I feel like this guy would die instantly. It is because they use magic power to move that they are Undead. To test it out here would be, as expected, a bit…

Moreover, defeating it so easily is just… I am not in the mood for that.

It’s a bit out of character, but there is a part of me that wants to go wild. This is the first time I feel this kind of exaltation in combat.

“A question from a robe loving skeleton huh. How unnerving” (Makoto)

“Hoh~. So you have a guess that I am a fake being?”

“I understand that you used black magic and forfeited yourself and went on a pursuit for knowledge and the mysteries of black magic” (Makoto)

“Splendid, you are mostly correct. I am Lich”

He is supposed to be missing his vocal chords, but from his mouth a laugh was made. With the sound of *karakara accompanying the rubbing of bones.

“You know about me, then, I want to know about you as well. Will you obediently comply?”

“Me? I am just a normal “human being” you know?” (Makoto)

It may be a bit different from the truth though. But I was born and raised in that world. I am not going to throw away the word human being.

From Lich, I could feel his composure as a superior waning. No, a dangerous light burned in his eyes. It was slight madness. And I could feel inquisitiveness as well.

Even though it’s only a flickering light in those eyes, I could clearly tell his will.

“*Human being?* that is the ancient race of the hyuman” <人間> <This and 人 are so confusing because of how the story plays with this word. It is really hard to translate this word accurately>

“So it seems” (Makoto)

“You are… not a Graunt huh. However, the human beings are still a thing outside my understanding. If, for argument’s sake, the human beings were existences that surpass the Graunts, it would be fine to say that I have an eye on you”

Graunt? What is that? First time I have heard that word. That is this Lich’s objective? If human beings surpass Graunts, would this skeleton’s objective be to become a human being? A phantom human huh!

No no, my reasoning went somewhere else. Then, what is Graunt?

“That body, mind. I feel like inspecting it”

“I don’t understand. From what I have heard until now, Graunts are some sort of superior race based on human beings? Forsaking your humanity and ending up in that kind of body, are you telling me that your objective is to reborn and evolve into a superior being?” (Makoto)

“Is it weird?”

“With that body of yours you should be able to live eternally, so I don’t think there is a need to do that though. The purpose of the pursuit in knowledge and black magic, isn’t it to live eternally?” (Makoto)

“How sagacious. You are dangerous. Too bad, if I were still in my shell as a hyuman, I would have a lot more I would want to talk to you about”

“I have had a lot of experiences after all (as in games, light novels and manga)” (Makoto)

It seems that he doesn’t want to answer my question. Maybe I have gotten half of his objective right.

Lich points his cane at me.

His aria were words that I have never heard before. But, as usual, I could tell the arias’ meaning from his words.

It’s even more effective than superior ancient language in the conversion of magic power. Including this one and mine, it would be the fourth magic language. Putting spirit language in a different category. I can’t use that one anyways. Maybe it’s because you need a partner for spirit magic, just tracing it won’t show me effects at all.

Me, Lich, and the forest ogres that were weakened by the miasma were right now in a straight line path.

“If you dodge, they will not come out unscathed. Don’t worry, it won’t hurt. I will only be limiting your consciousness and your body’s freedom, mainly your nose”

So the forest ogres won’t be okay if they take that huh. Even the aria’s completion time is short. It’s knitting quite the amount of magic in a short period of time. As expected of a specialist!

Maybe it is because of Tomoe and Mio that my feeling of fear has become derailed, or it might be because it’s in the area of magic which I am specialized in. I was unusually calm about this.

“Then, bye human being. Become food for my knowledge”

“Too bad” (Makoto)

Things that looked like will-o’-wisp gathered around the cane of Lich. It looked as if rice cakes were sticking to it. Seeing that made me want to secretly eat rice cakes~.

After the rice cakes finished gathering up, he pointed it at me and shot it. From his aria’s contents, I could tell that it was gathered enmity from the miasma.

This is a village in the wasteland. There is no lack of people’s grudges in this place. A big will-o’-wisp increased its speed and headed towards my direction, at its front I could see the faces of what looked like people with ugly expressions.

I stopped it with my left hand. I don’t know if Lich is looking at this, because of the spell’s silhouette I can’t see him.

However, it wouldn’t be strange for this thing to swallow you from head to toe.

But I was able to easily stop it with my left hand. Corrosion isn’t even occurring. Well, I am a sea after all.

Then, I will have Lich-kun face a bit of pain here. He seems to know quite a lot, so let’s make him useful.

“＃＄％＆” (Makoto)

Darkness, devour as I will.

It was a pretty short and straightforward aria. I use the language that the orcs taught me, and connect it.

“Guh! What is that language?!”

Lich must have felt discomfort after hearing my aria, he began moving.

The balloon ball, no wait, the rice cake that I stopped with my left hand, and several outer layers of the grudge mass was being shaved off by black fangs.

The number of them were slowly increasing, and the bluish-white mass was devoured in the blink of an eye.

“W-What in the world…”

Yeah… You don’t understand right? You are a specialized one after all.

What I did was the corrosion of the darkness magic’s magic power. And it isn’t the acrobatics that Mio does. It’s the incredibly inefficient one.

It’s a method that is so meaningless that no one uses.

Intelligent people wouldn’t understand this.

I have way too much magic power to spare after all! More like, I want to use it and make it decrease! Banzai to inefficient methods!

Don’t think it is over with just this Lich-san.

I wonder which magic power will be eaten next. Now, you should be defending yourself you know?

“Guh!”

The cranium of Lich tilted to the side as if it were hit by something. At that place, you could see black fangs.

“Uooooh?!”

It seems the skeleton noticed that it was that something which dispersed the magic before. The skeleton does defensive magic and creates a barrier around him. Fast, I thought that he screamed out of panic, but he was unexpectedly calm. It was a poor move though.

The fang shape group began to gather on that barrier. And as if lusting for it, they one after the other cling onto it, devouring.

“What is this?! I have never heard about such spell! A spell not even I know? For it to so easily defeat my barrier! What kind of high efficiency language was that?”

“Using one million yen to buy one yen. In the old days it would be something I would never do” (Makoto)

“My magic development can’t keep up with it at all! Don’t swarm on me! Don’t get close!”

What an ugly way of manifesting though. To eat everything with darkness fangs. The other side’s magic looks a lot more useable. From the start I didn’t know what to think about this magic. I want to think that my personality is not shaping it. Of course, I have no intentions of confirming it. This is that kind of magic.

“I’m going to be eaten! My magic power is?! No way, impossible!”

“Don’t mess with me, like there could be such a… such an absurd magic!”

“Stop it, don’t eat me, a Graunt… I will…”

“I will… Graunt…”

“… I, I’m disappearing. No—oo!!”

From what I see, the magic power that is permeating Lich was being eaten and its ominous light was fading. It seems that the robe was made by magic as well. Now only the worn out fragments were stuck in the bones.

It seems that he can’t even move anymore. Its looks were now that of a skeleton, and the cane that Lich was still holding was being eaten by the fangs as well. The miasma had already stopped completely. Ah, his knees moved.

“My secret technique oan panch that I have been training is perfect, it won’t kill you” (Makoto)

Eating all the magic power would normally make a person unconscious, but, in this case, it would mean death for Lich it seems. His presence was growing thin.

I am glad I didn’t try using [Sakai].

It seems that he is only having convulsions but there was no real harm. Maybe I did a bit too much?

As expected, this is not like me.

To look down on a feeble opponent like this…

~ Tomoe ~

When I tried going to Waka’s location, at that place a strange silence reigned.

It seems that Waka has done a flashy performance. I want to quickly raise a skilled Swordsmith in Asora that can create an excellent sword, and have a meal of fish and miso soup-ja as proof that my long cherished desire was granted.

Bread is better in the morning, is what Waka says every day at breakfast.

But if he tells me to come I will not object. It’s not like the effectiveness would increase if I stay looking at their training after all.

I was planning on taking a few forest ogres with me anyways, so this is actually convenient for me.

When I look at the part where all the gazes were gathering, I saw there…

Waka, and a close to death (though it is weird to say it) undead. And there was one forest ogre that was dead.

At Waka’s back, a group of forest ogres were gathered, not showing any signs of moving. Maybe they are concentrating on Waka’s behavior, their tension was oozing out.

It is that right?

Waka used an abnormal way to punish this undead, and the forest ogres are drawn back from that. That’s most likely how it is-ja na.

Fumu, it is a bit unexpected, no, it is a part of what I expected. I have a few things I want to ask Waka about, counting the brothel incident. It would be one thing if he is self-aware of this, but it seems that is not the case-ja.

Among the forest ogres that were flocking, I saw one I recognized.

If I remember correctly, that was the youngster I saw when I was making the barrier. His face resembles him. If he is the descendant, I still know the name of his father or grandfather.

“You, was your name Nirgistori? I am glad to see you are healthy-ja” (Tomoe)

“Certainly, my name is Nirgistori but, who are you? I don’t remember meeting you”

How rude. Just because my shape is different you don’t recognize me-ja to? What an ungrateful person.

“Even though you guys pleaded me with tears of blood to make a barrier of mirage mist. Do you want to die?” (Tomoe)

It may be because I got a bit unnerved by that, my eyes became dragon pupils-ja. No good, I have completely become human shaped, but when my emotions are stirred, I turn back to my previous vestiges.

The guy must have finally recalled after seeing my eyes, his body turns stiff vertically. With the old man standing like a pin, I could only see him as if he were making an impression of a dried tree.

“L-Lord Shen?!”

As if it were a trigger, the surroundings began moving.

Everyone was looking at me. Awe, fear, doubt, varied eyes were turned at me.

“It’s the superior dragon Lord Shen! Everyone, prostrate! Lower your heads!”

It seems that he was promoted to the status of elder, everyone followed the words of the old man and kneeled down the ground as if doing a dogeza. Fumu, what a nice feeling.

Actually, this expression of gratitude should be directed at Waka, and I should have been the one looking by his side though.

“I have come for a while to remake the barrier” (Tomoe)

“Ooooh!”

“That was actually a lie. I was called by him and have come here-ja” (Tomoe)

I point out Waka. It seems that the forest ogres don’t understand what I said at all-ja. Maybe I caught them off guard and they didn’t get what I said properly.

What a bunch of idiots. Why would I come all the way here when you haven’t even called for me, and to even make a barrier for you?

To break away the silence, those guys opened their mouths and bring themselves back to their senses.

“With all due respect! Lord Shen, that thing is dangerous-de gozai masu! Just a while ago, from our brethren’s mouth a dark smoke came out. That became Lich and he pointed his fangs at us!”

“When you talk about Lich, it is the one that has unfathomable power in black magic and possesses the ability to awaken dead bodies, necromancy. A scary danger”

“And that person there, he used an even scarier magic and overwhelmed him”

“Please, oh please protect us!”

The elder-looking people all take turns to talk to me and explain me the situation. What a pain these guys are-ja no. It should be fine to select a representative to compile all and tell it to me.

Moreover, they are thinking that Waka will be bringing them harm as well-ja. These scaredy-cats, it may be because of the scary magic that he used but… could it be…

“You guys, did that side do anything to you?” (Tomoe)

“Yeah”

“As you are that scared, it must mean that your side must have received quite a lot of harm, right?” (Tomoe)

That’s right. It is probably because they have a guilty conscience that they thought he would soon turn his fangs to them. Or at least that is what I can guess from this.

“Well, that is…”

“That person entered the forest that was under our jurisdiction without permission, moreover, he discovered the existence of an important plant. For us, this should deserve capital punishment. Since we were defeated in battle, we lured him into the village to make him lower his guard, and then provide the punishment”

Capital punishment. If we are talking about the previous forest onis’ capital punishment, it would mean ‘that’.

From the current situation, it is most likely the death penalty.

“It seems that you guys have lost your ability to perceive danger since the while I haven’t seen you” (Tomoe)

“? What do you mean by that?”

“A while ago I said “that person”. Are you telling me to point my fangs at the person that I hold an amiable relationship?” (Tomoe)

“?!”

“You see, I came for that person, for Waka” (Tomoe)

“W-W-W-What did you say?!”

Why are you smattering Nirgistori? How incredibly rude. More like, you should be able to infer it from my appearance.

“Ah, Tomoe. What a good timing” (Makoto)

Oh, it seems that Waka has noticed me.

“Well, amiable isn’t the correct term actually. To be exact, I am his…” (Tomoe)

Making a bow to Waka, I continue what I was saying to the forest ogres that were opening and closing their mouths as if they were goldfish.

“Mako-Raidou-sama’s slave-nan ja yo” (Tomoe)

Nirgistori fainted. <TN: it was super effective!>





Chapter 54 - Tree punishment


I am in a place where the forest ogres’ sentence people to something called ‘Tree punishment’.

The forest ogres’ earnestly apologized, and what they revealed to me was the execution that was supposed to occur tonight.

Illusion like dancing and singing (no really, it seems it had a sort of meaning to it), and after they weaken the person with alcohol, they capture you and performed the execution. For them to still want to bring down their opponent even after he had defeated them once, how scary.

… That’s bad, I didn’t notice it at all.

When we talk about capital punishment, it reminds me of the death penalty, the one where you are incarcerated for an indefinite amount of time until you’re dead. However, it seems that’s not how their capital punishment works.

“Hoh~! For that punishment to have been revived. I wonder why they still do it” (Tomoe)

Tomoe seems to have already known about it, but it looks like she didn’t expect it and was surprised by the mention of that weird thing called Tree Punishment. She later told me that it’s a long lost punishment.

I had already given up completely on it, but it seems that they didn’t kill all the hyumans and there were even some strong ones that survived (narrowly) and have arrived to this village.

Ah~, it’s already no good. I drew my own conclusions and didn’t try to investigate myself about it, leaving everything to Mio. How pathetic of me.

Let’s take this as an example. When you get an SLG or RPG for the first time and don’t know left from right but you still go Leroy Jenkins and get killed. In games you can reset, so you can just say “DAMN IT!” and that’s it, but…

That there were a number of hyumans incarcerated.

It was truly a blunder.

The next morning, I was guided to the place of execution and discovered how heartless and scary this forest ogre’s punishment was.

Those guys, how dare they say the dark magic I used to scatter magic power was disgusting when they do these kind of thing.

By the way, I don’t think the hyumans were the ones who gave them that name, but I think I strangely understand why they were named ‘forest ogres’.

This is what I thought of them before I came here.

That their way of living was protecting the surroundings of the forest, or at least that was my impression. Being lumberjacks and hunters, maybe even carpenters. Honestly, it was to the point that I didn’t understand why they abandoned the ability to talk with spirits and plants.

Because I pictured them the exact same as elf that live in the forest after all.

That was too sweet.

The word forestry was truly a word that described them. Because they think of the plants and shrubs that grow and everything around that can be called forest as “targets to manage”. They weren’t targets for religious belief or targets for a friendly relationship.

Hearing their voice, understanding their wills, talking with them.

Any of those would have been bad influence for them.

The ability to talk with animals aimed for consumption, being able to trade your thoughts with the vegetables you farm and cultivate. If you ask me if it would be beneficial for the people…

At least for me, it would be impossible. I wouldn’t stand it.

Moreover, this Tree Punishment. It’s not completely, but it doesn’t give me the image of an elf that protects the forest.

The thicket of trees and shrubs that spread out before my eyes.

There is a reason I don’t call it a forest. It’s because the things that were growing there had a fixed interval and it reminded me of the afforested forests that were artificially made.

Moreover, all of them were developed to a certain extent. There were no signs of them slimming in between or breaking.

And below every tree. The planted area was strange.

Normally, there should be grass and dried leaves. The various evidences of it growing up and all of its circumstances were not there.

It’s the same earth as the wasteland I have been walking before.

“Is this the Tree Punishment?” (Makoto)

My words became polite unintentionally.

“This… everything?” (Makoto)

I was shocked, but it seems that Tomoe and Mio weren’t at all. Tomoe already knew about it so it’s okay, but for Mio to be like that as well. The standards of an otherworldler are, as expected, different from those in this world huh. Of course that’s the case.

Tree Punishment.

A capital punishment that actually benefits the forest ogres.

A unique skill that they can use on races that have a certain amount of magic power.

It was the punishment ‘to change your existence to that of trees’.

The beings that are changed will lose their consciousness with time and, in the end, they will lose their own memories. After a while of being transformed (several years to several decades), since your sensations still remain because of your soul, when branches are broken or your skin and interior are damaged, you will still feel pain. What a nightmare.

The skill will be activated practically in an instant, and if the abnormal effect takes place, seconds later you will turn into a tree. What’s up with these guys?

“Yes, these are the people that have done outrageous things to the forest and the ones who invaded unreasonably”

One of the elders tells me as if it were nothing.

“This was a long lost ability of ours, but the person over there…”

At the place where he points out, there was the muscle brain who was staggering while being carried by AB’s shoulders.

“It may be because of an ancestor. He awakened this power, so the Tree Punishment revived”

“I see, his blood must have been thicker or his element attainment was uncommon. To think that there was an individual that could reach such a level. What a surprise-ja na” (Tomoe)

Tomoe seems to be convinced by something and nods repeatedly.

“Along with the barrier’s weakening, invaders have begun appearing in the area that we supervise and in our village. We left the combat matters for those fellows to deal with”

The combat leaders huh.

Certainly, those type of people are… how to say it…

They have that kind of unreasonable strength and reliance. If one of them takes a flag, it would make you think that person is the bodyguard of a king. It’s the type of muscle brain that is sweltering and has an excelling amount of instinct. Moreover, there are some that may actually think things thoroughly and have multiple types of brain tissues, the cheat type. I hope they are not that kind of type.

This time, the situation was clearly hopeless. Those two that were supposed to be goners, were perfectly saved.

Those AB that would soon wear me out if I try to keep them company, may be in an aide-like position with that man. They are lending him their shoulders and having a face that clearly tells the people in the vicinity of their worry.

“I have a plan regarding the barrier. Don’t worry” (Tomoe)

“Lord Shen, I truly thank you very much. With this, there is no need to fear foreign enemies and we will be able to live in peace once again”

This is not a place I want to stay for long. I have finished most of what I came to do in their village.

I signal Tomoe with my eyes and it seems that she understood what I was trying to say. I can’t help but feel gloomy here.

“Then, let’s return. And also, forest ogres. I am Tomoe-ja. Don’t make me repeat myself so much” (Tomoe)

“Wa, yes, Tomoe-sama”

The words of Tomoe were filled with anger.

I have to shake off these chills running down my spine one way or another. Maybe it’s because this is the first time in my life I have come to an execution place. It’s extremely unpleasant.

At the end, once more.

I look at each and every one of the trees which I don’t know what their past was about. Maybe they are hyumans, maybe demi-humans, or they could even be demonic beasts.

Even when I use [Sakai] or Mio uses cure and curse release, they didn’t return to their previous form. The moment it’s activated, even I am unable to do anything. In my heart I carved the fact that this people have existed in this world.

I don’t plan on leaving it like this.

They committed a crime, so they received their punishment. It is one thing if they only use this power for these situations, but there is also the chance that they go rampant and use this power in battle as well.

I don’t know if I can do it, but I will try to look for a cure to it. Luckily, I have a skilled spider and her brethren as well.

~ Muscle Brain ~

I didn’t notice at all that a gross guy like Lich was using my body as a nest.

The fatigues I have had lately and the strange sensation of getting steadily stronger doesn’t seem to be because of awakening the power of the Tree Punishment.

No, he may have been there before my ability awakened. This is something that no one will know though.

The dragon that had created a barrier for us called Shen dealt with Lich. The deep mist that resembled haze, enveloped that fellows’ body and erased it without leaving any trace behind.

There wasn’t even a fragment of miasma left, it was a high-ranking usage of power. I see, I have clearly understood what kind of existences are those so called superior dragons.

My body was not properly listening to me, but I was somehow able to attend the trip to the execution place.

It’s shameful to have Akua and Eris lend me their shoulders, but they told me that my vitality was drying up or something like that, a pretty dangerous state, so I couldn’t say complain about it. I should be grateful that I am still alive.

While I was doing small talk, I observed the black woman and the masked man, and also the dragon woman.

No, to be honest, I was looking at the masked man.

That guy seems to have used an unknown skill to defeat Lich. The dragon woman seems to be of the superior dragon race which Nirgi old man has been telling me stories of endlessly since I was small. The black woman as well, I don’t feel like she is a hyuman.

But that guy, that kid is a hyuman. And despite this, those two hold the same appearance as him. Could they be obeying him?

I don’t understand.

Lately, since the time I returned from outside, I have been cautious of one unrestful guy.

The elder’s son who has been moving strangely.

Because I was in bad condition, the management of the area and protection of the forest has been entrusted to other people. The times I stayed in the village grew longer.

The movements of that guy, who seemed as if he were searching the village, convinced me that my worries were not needless.

There were times when he seemed to be keeping in contact with someone, but I couldn’t get a hold of that person.

— It was at that day —

Akua and Eris returned safely without any injuries along with the invaders.

In short, the intruders held back and they still managed to lose. Lately, the pattern of them losing and baiting the hyumans to the village has been more frequent. This is the first time for Akua and Eris, but with this I will have to make everyone go through the super training course.

That means, later the intruders will be crushed in the banquet and throw into jail, is how it should go but… Adonou moved.

Maybe they are the ones he has been keeping in contact with?

I thought about that, but it seems that wasn’t the case. He made a number of questions and went somewhere else. I was wrong huh.

In the room there was only them and my disciples.

It seems that my disciples wanted to bring them to my place.

Even though I am so close to them, they still don’t notice my presence. I will have to scold them severely later.

I see.

That means they are that much of a danger huh.

To the point that they want to skip all that banquet business and bring them straight to my place.

Then there’s a change of plans.

I will defeat these guys first. The result will be the same after all.

“Yo! Are you guys the guests?!”

I quickly break down the walls and greet them. <Damn Titan!>

The black woman was vigilant of my disciples while taking me in mind. She is good, this one is strong.

The masked one also grew vigilant the moment the sound rang out. Fumu.

However, it is futile. Against me.

It seems that they bullied my disciples, so I will be finishing this promptly.

“I heard that you treated Akua and Eris as kids? That’s quite impressive, hey, the Nii-chan over there, handshake! Let’s do a handshake!”

“Shishou!”

I do a big smile and stretch my hand to the masked one. My disciples seem to have noticed what I intended to do, I could feel their slight tension.

And then, I certainly forced the masked man to do a handshake with me.

This is it.

Tree Punishment activated.

In a few seconds, this guy will be turned into a tree and…

He didn’t turn.

I try to grip him a number of times. I could feel the sensation transmitting, but the reaction is weak.

“C-Can you release me already?”

I could tell the strength in his hand was leaving. Just a bit longer huh. But this is the first time this has happened. What is going on?

It’s somehow… interesting. Nice. These kind of situations also happen huh.

A moment later.

A shock ran through my wrist.

By the time I noticed it was pain, in front of me something appeared!

I felt an overwhelming impact in all of my face, and while I was forcefully getting a hold of my face, what I saw was the posture of the black woman holding a folding fan.

I was hit! I couldn’t react at all!

Feeling numerous strong shocks from my back, I continued in the momentum and fell. At the place I fell onto, I became the 大 character.

Terrific. That woman is terrific!

To think that she could throw such a fast blow with that appearance. Just what in the world is she?

While I was hearing the voice of my disciples in the distance, I take out a tobacco from my breast pocket.

— Those were my last memories from yesterday —-

After that, it seems I did a lot of actions, but I didn’t have any memories of it. It’s still in the area of conjectures, but Lich was probably using my body as he wished.

My consciousness returned at the morning of the next day.

My whole body was unbelievably heavy and sluggish.

They told me that the existence called Lich came out from my mouth like black smoke, or something like that.

And the one who defeated that Lich was this masked man. I don’t know with what or how he was able to defeat him, but it seems that the real finishing blow was dealt by the blue haired Shen.

Raidou. The newbie merchant from Tsige huh.

That’s definitely a lie!

The conversation with those guys and us, the forest ogres, continues even after returning from the execution place.

However, it was only the elders and them.

We couldn’t even hear the outcome.

In this case, I will keep in secret that I did the Tree Punishment on Raidou. I feel like it would only make the situation more complicated.

But, why didn’t it work? This hasn’t happened before.

“Shishou, I want to ask something”

Akua, while waiting for the meeting to end, began speaking to me with a strange tension.

“Hm?”

“About that guy called Raidou…”

“Ah, uhm… Later okay?”

I wanted to answer her question, but it seems that the meeting was over.

What will be our future treatment? In the worst case, we will become their slaves. In the best case, it would be somewhere around retainers?

A meeting with the black woman, the dragon woman, and the merchant that had both of them at his sides. It wouldn’t be strange to be forced an impossible order.

Well, if anything happens, I will take front. Even if the Tree Punishment doesn’t work, it doesn’t mean that I can’t fight.

If I somehow get that Raidou in a one-on-one, even I should have a chance.

Also, if I make it a fist fight…

Magicians are all like that, if you get close and are able to hit them once, they are done for.

The hard part is to make Raidou enter a one-on-one with conversation skills though. But I will have to do it somehow.

The one who has the highest ability in combat among the forest ogres is, with no doubts, me.

Raidou and the others.

Don’t think that we will yield obediently.





Chapter 55 - Reflection


As one would expect, Tomoe had planned to invite the forest ogre race to Asora.

But I couldn’t agree to it.

Right now, that guy is the only one who has that power, but after accepting them in Asora and getting involved with Tomoe and mini Tomoe, I feel like they will awaken one after the other.

If you call me a scaredy-cat, then yeah, that’s exactly what I am. There is no other reason behind.

The forest ogres were the same as the previous ones, they all agreed. They seemed to have no issues with coming to our Asora (or more like they are taking it as the holy grounds of Tomoe). There was no disadvantages for either side, so it was the logical conclusion. Even if they consider me a suspicious masked brat, Tomoe is a superior dragon they owe. And that dragon is telling them to come.

Don’t joke around.

I am scared of that so called Tree Punishment. Honestly scared.

The cursed disease that I saw at Rembrandt-san’s place was as well. At that time I felt fear. But even so, I had a lot of other emotions like anger mixed in, so I wasn’t as broken as I am now.

In this Tree Punishment, the only thing it left me was fear. Maybe it was because I couldn’t cure it, or it might be because I didn’t hold any other feelings since I didn’t know them, a part of it might be because I saw how it was truly used.

I didn’t think it was unforgiveable. It’s just that it gave a bad feeling like freezing down my spine. Like being poured cold water on my back. A feeling I couldn’t explain properly affected my body.

The moment I came here, I was seriously thinking about such ‘stupid things’ like accepting my desires. Now that kind of mood was completely blown away. Coming out directly from my throat. Well, I might be troubled again by it once we return though.

I couldn’t completely accept the forest ogres and say: “Now, go ahead”.

That’s why I talked about the area they were managing and the barrier Tomoe made and led the conversation to a different direction. There was no need for any special conversation skill. Because we were the ones that held the priority.

The right to decide was fundamentally on our side. *The cranes cry* perfectly describes this situation. <TN: holding the final word>

Tomoe was eager to invite them as residents because she saw favorably their quick-wittedness and combat power, as well as their appearance that was close to hyumans, but I was somehow able to persuade her. It seems that my opposition was actually unexpected.

Mio as well, even when she personally didn’t like them, she had a favorable view of the forest ogres’ plentiful knowledge in plants, and was in favor of the migration. It seems to be different to the ability of plant communication. Looks like Mio was also a bit surprised by my dry way of dealing.

Of course, it’s not like I want to deny everything. If we continue like this, the fight between Tsige and these people will definitely occur. There’s no doubt a large number of casualties will appear.

I clearly knew that my opposition was because of my fear, that’s why I wanted to reach a compromise and obtain an acceptable conclusion.

First of all, we will have Tomoe create a brand new barrier. This was definite. I didn’t want to leave them in this dangerous state after all.

I will also enclose the area where the Ambrosia is growing wild. No matter what happens from here on, as long as people are not let in, the dreams of becoming rich quickly in the wasteland will just increase by one. Of course, that pipe dream doesn’t affect us.

Next topic, it seems that the forest ogres don’t want to lose their relationship with us. I also like their way of associating with the forest that is close to forestry. The thing I don’t like is that Tree Punishment. But that seems to be a power that stems from their ancestors, and it’s a pride of them. How complicated.

Just like how Tomoe emphasized, the forest ogres have high combat ability and their appearance is pretty close to that of hyumans, so I think they could prove useful in the management of the company. Even if I am trying to find a cure for the Tree Punishment, it is better for us to have a good relationship with them.

Just like how Mio agreed, if they were to move to Asora, I think they would surely bring great benefits to the residents. Because the Asora of now doesn’t have a forest expert.

It’s like there isn’t a choice of not accepting them.

That’s why I…

……

…

“… I see, so that’s how it is”

After the first stage of the meeting was over, we bid farewell to the forest ogres for now and return to Asora.

In the end, the forest ogres will be doing commerce with us separately in the form of cooperation with Asora and the company, without migrating the whole village.

With this, they are now able to safely sell and buy. Moreover, their jobs will increase. More concretely speaking, we will be teaching them how to look after the business first before giving them work regarding negotiations. There is also… information gathering.

Yes, they are through and through shinobis.

Well, I actually don’t want to think about the benefits and just create a distance from them though. That’s why I found annoying how persistent Tomoe was.

To my surprise, Tomoe-san was seeing them as an *Iga or Koga* group. She was making strangely sound arguments like the benefits for the company or their living basis becoming more stable, so I look like an idiot for seriously trying to accept them. <Iga and Koga>

Even though we were in the middle of a meeting, I should have been able to confirm our wills anytime with thought transmission.

I am seriously surprised by my lack of flexibility.

The talk was able to proceed and end in a calm manner.

After that, we were able to move to Asora without hiding it, and decided to do the guiding and touring for the forest ogres. Afterwards we had the recruitment of people that wanted to migrate, by the way, this has a number limit. If all the people wanted to migrate and ended up moving the whole village, it would be like invalidating everything I have said. I was able to impede that from happening.

I feel like Tomoe was aiming for that, but once I know her line of thinking, it is easy-peasy.

“Tomoe, the shoguns put their best shinobis in a place close to them” (Makoto)

With one sentence I was able to K.O her.

While they were touring Asora, the other residents were explaining Asora’s region details. Tomoe-mini played a big role. Ema-san also did a nice assist. A number of the forest ogres were able to speak in common language, so the language issue seems to somehow be able to resolve itself.

… At this rate, the common language will end up being the main language here. I have to learn that groaning soon. Isn’t there something I can do? I don’t want to lower my head to that bug so, isn’t there a way to negotiate and get the blessing?

If Japanese were possible, it would be incredibly easy for me, but if I think about the data warehouse and the important information, it is better for only a part of the people to understand. No choice.

I will have to use my pseudo-writing communication at Academy Town, and I will always need one of my followers accompanying me. I won’t be able to have peace of mind. I want to have time alone where I can mingle with people of my own age after all.

More like, just thinking about having Mio and Tomoe beside me all the time, I feel like at some point I will end up like a ventriloquism doll. 4-digit level and a level 1. There is no need to think about who will be looked as the extra.

“But Waka, the unique skill of status abnormality is something that Waka shouldn’t have to worry about. Why are you so scared of it? I don’t understand” (Tomoe)

It’s Tomoe. The previous ‘I see’ case was also her. <先のなるほど、の件(くだり)も彼女。>

In this place, there is right now only 4 people. At my house in Asora. In my own room. Well, it seems to still be temporary though. This is sufficiently big you know? It’s fine if you don’t make a new one you know?

I was explaining the reason of my behavior at the meeting once more.

I, Tomoe, Mio, and the other person who was in the middle of resting.

“Even I don’t understand. The moment they explained me that everything in that forest was actually hyumans and demi-humans, I had a strange chill” (Makoto)

“Fumu…” (Tomoe)

“I am really sorry, I didn’t notice at all” (Mio)

I really don’t know why. I was probably psychologically displeased by a factor in that practice. Tomoe was nodding while having a thoughtful face, and Mio was apologizing by the fact that she didn’t notice my mood. It wasn’t like Mio was at fault anyways.

“Sorry” (Makoto)

“Waka, there is nothing to apologize for” (Tomoe)

“That’s right-desu!” (Mio)

“Then, let’s put on hold the plan of awakening the power of the forest ogres. Regarding that man, let’s order him to cooperate and restrain himself” (Tomoe)

I don’t know if we will be able to hold him down with simple words, but it seems that Tomoe has some sort of plan. Let’s leave it to her. No matter how hard I try, I can’t handle that ability.

Ah, at any rate, it may be because the matters have been put in order, or because I told everything, I feel a lot better.

For now… Let’s return to Tsige.

I-I feel like I am forgetting something…

What is it?

N?

Being attacked by the forest ogre AB in the Ambrosia forest (temporary name), while I was cradling Mio and was somehow able to repel them, and after arriving at the village and meeting their gross Shishou, the banquet finished, Lich came out from his mouth… That’s right, one of the forest ogres died.

That’s not it!

Lich! That’s right, Lich!

No wait, something feels wrong. It’s not that I am mistaken, but there is still something more.

Before that happened.

Uhm…

!!

I remember the happening that occurred when the forest ogres attacked us and I was cradling Mio. I almost forgot about it.

No good, get a hold me.

Now that I think about it, since the time I left Tsige, I have been messing a lot.

About the trio, and also the time with the handshake of that Shishou, regarding Lich I was only able to feel something and I left it just like that, then everything ended up that way.

That forest ogre as well. Maybe I could have saved her.

When I lower my guard, my thoughts soon get blocked by something and I was unable to calm down.

In my endless worry, I felt my sexual desire. And it’s in this state you know? At the time in the wasteland I didn’t feel like this.

No matter how surprising it was, just because there are a lot of beautiful people, just because a few girls approached me, I ended up in this sorry state.

Even if I was able to more forward because of my crazy strength, it doesn’t mean I can keep going like this.

Remember that feeling of being poured cold water in my back when I touched that Tree Punishment.

Geez, hold it down. Anyways, I should put an end to all this!

I don’t know how much I can recover. I am in a world where I don’t know what will happen next. I can’t forget that.

“What happened to that hyuman trio?” (Makoto)

“Oya, shouldn’t this be first?” (Tomoe)

The fourth. Tomoe points out at Lich-san with her chin. Maybe it’s because the priest robe-looking outfit (though even if I say ‘priest’ it is black and has an ominous and complex gold embroidery design) was made out of magic power, the skeleton wasn’t laying bare (bones). His eye sockets seem to be shining a red light, so I could tell that he was awake.

After I had Tomoe finish him (made it look like), I had him return to Asora first and send him to my room. Of course, I limited his movements to this building and left him in a confined state.

It seems like he didn’t do anything while we were talking and didn’t participate either, he stayed quiet. He is a bit eerie, but his special characteristic wasn’t something I felt danger about. Leaving him free for now shouldn’t be a problem.

“No, now that I think about it, I haven’t asked what happened to them at all. Tomoe?” (Makoto)

“Of course, they are receiving the invitation course of the Mirage Town. The three of them were bewildered at first, but this morning they took their breakfast obediently, and by now the orcs and dwarfs should be keeping them company” (Tomoe)

“… Eh?” (Makoto)

“Is there something wrong?” (Tomoe)

“They are, here, now?” (Makoto)

“Yes” (Tomoe)

Isn’t that bad?

I isolated them when we fought against the forest ogre AB you know?

Wouldn’t it be bad if they end up running into the forest ogres that were now touring the town?

“You, what would happen if they end up encountering the forest ogres?!” (Makoto)

“Don’t worry. To make sure it didn’t happen, I soundly divided the area. I will have those guys stay in the workshop of the eldwa and have them returned by tomorrow. That forest is already in a state where you can’t see it nor enter it, so let’s just throw them in the entrance of the bottleneck” (Tomoe)

She said that, since they are adventurers, they should be content by giving them some nice weapons.

Tomoe continued: “The forest ogres seems to want to protect the Ambrosia as their priority, so it seems that they were giving it more importance than the barrier of the village”

The dwarf workshop is certainly an isolated place. If they want to move to another area, someone would definitely see them. In that case, there is no way for the forest ogres to suddenly encounter them.

Giving them weapons huh. I feel like it is because of that idiot trio that we were faced with so many troubles.

One of the girls there seemed like the one who caused Tomoe and Mio to almost ravage me. But her hairstyle was different… so maybe it isn’t?

Humu.

There are a few things I just don’t feel that satisfied about, but…

Oh well. As Tomoe said, if they are given relatively good weapons, even if they are thrown at the entrance of the wasteland, they should have enough attack power. I will pray for them to walk the proper path from now on. Because if they don’t do that, the next time they do a crazy thing, they will only die. Moreover, the bottleneck that one has to pass in order to return to Tsige is, just like its name suggests, a narrow and difficult path. It stretches up and there are a lot of people that aim at you. If you lose your stamina on the way, that’s as far as you go.

The eldwas’ weapon is excellent after all. It is plenty enough as a farewell gift.

Weapon, weapon huh.

I feel like I have heard the word quality weapon somewhere before…

This unlikeable image is… Lime! Limelatte!

I did tell him I would give him a weapon. It’s a man who reached that level with his own efforts and has quite good ability. Though he passed a terrible time because of Tomoe and was extorted by Mio.

Now I remember, now I remember.

There is still the progress of my equipment, so I should show my face in the eldwa-san’s place before going to Tsige.

Umu, I was planning on easing myself after losing the tension but…

I still have a lot to do!!

“Then, I will be leaving that trio to you. I can’t meet them after all” (Makoto)

“Understood” (Tomoe)

“Well then, we are done for now you two. After this, there is only a bit of a talk with Lich anyways” (Makoto)

“It seems like it will be interesting and I have something I want to test out, so I will be present as well” (Tomoe)

“There was also the case of that pervert. An enclosed space with only two is a no-desu!” (Mio)

Uh? There isn’t really any danger so it should be fine for the two of them to do work related to Asora.

Mio, for this bone to prove any danger to my chastity is most likely impossible you know? <Who knows? He might BONE you ;D… Okay, I will retreat to my corner now>

Well, you can do whatever you want.

Now then, let’s listen to his circumstances.





Chapter 56 - Talking with the corpse: first part


“Well first, let’s take a sit. You are recovered to a certain extent right?” (Makoto)



The magic power recovers when you are resting after all. I only made the darkness eat his magic power. I haven’t obstructed his magic power regeneration.

For a full recovery, only the person itself would know, but if it’s to the level where one can stand and talk, even I can tell that from looking.

“… fumu, what will happen to me?” (Lich)

The skeleton obediently stands and talks. However, he hasn’t taken out his weapon, the cane. Is the weapon made out of magic power like his garment?

“I want to ask you a number of things and I want you to answer them. That’s all” (Makoto)

“After that there will be no need for me, is that what you are trying to say?” (Lich)

“Eh? No way. I won’t need anything else, but I won’t do what you think I will do. I will just have you return” (Makoto)

My words made Lich’s face turn disturbed. Well, even if I say “face” it’s actually a skull though. I am just guessing from the light of his eyes and his mouth that’s opening up.

“You are thinking of releasing me after bringing me to your main stronghold?!” (Lich)

“That’s right. Well, since we have guaranteed your safety, let’s begin with the talk” (Makoto)

I give a sidelong glance to the desk and table and urge Lich.

I lower my hips and invite him to take a sit. Tomoe and Mio are standing by my sides and staying in standby.

“First of all, let’s present ourselves. My name is Misumi Makoto. Here it would be said as Makoto Misumi. And then there is the blue haired one, Tomoe, the black one is Mio. The two of them are my followers. You can call them companions as well” (Makoto)

I explain while mixing a wry smile.

“What do you mean by ‘here it would be said’?” (Lich)

“Let’s leave that for later. Now it’s your turn” (Makoto)

I push aside his statement with my hands.

“As you can see, I’m a lich” (Lich)

The undead concisely reveals his own race. No, I already know that.

“Not that. I want you to tell me your real name” (Makoto)

“I don’t have a name. My name is Lich, that’s it. I have already forgotten my memories of when I was a person, and even if I had my memories, that name wouldn’t be fit to call me with” (Lich)

Is that how things work when you turn into a Lich? I don’t know anyone like that, so I don’t know at all. Something like, “One of my friends has become a Lich~” is not that good anyways. Maybe he doesn’t want to call himself with his family name?

“I see, then Lich-san right? Sorry for the rudeness but, are you male? Female? You see, I can’t tell the gender by looking at the bones” (Makoto)

“No, just Lich is fine. There is no need to add –san. You are the winner, so there is no need to be thoughtful with me. And also, I am a man, didn’t you notice?” (Lich)

“Heh~, I was interested in which one you were. Then Lich, it may be sudden but…” (Makoto)

“You said your name was Makoto-dono right? I may not have the right to say anything but, is it fine to say one?” (Lich)

“?… Go ahead” (Makoto)

He probably meant that he is aware he is a prisoner. I wonder what he will say now.

“I don’t mind if you limit yourself to things you can say. Can you let me ask you one thing in exchange of answering your questions?” (Lich)

If it’s only the things I can say, then there is no need for me to refuse.

“Fine” (Makoto)

“I thank you” (Lich)

“Then, the first one. Why were you in the forest ogres’ village?” (Makoto)

“For the sake of my research. I, who wanted to transform from a person to Graunt, went to where I saw a chance, the forest ogres’ village, and dug up their long lost power. For the sake of that, I hid in the body of one of them” (Lich)

The forest ogres’ power to transform people. Then, he was the one that awakened that power from the perverted Shishou?

Tomoe narrowed her eyes and made a light “Hoh~” from admiration.

“What do you mean by Graunt?” (Makoto)

“It should be my turn to question, but okay. I was only permitted to question after all. Graunt refers to a higher race of the hyumans. It is written as an existence that surpasses hyumans in everything. I am looking for the path to become one” (Lich)

I see. I don’t really understand that well, but it seems that there is another existence in this world close to hyumans, I suppose? But the relation is totally that of ruling, if that isn’t the case, it would turn into a pretty severe war state.

In this world I have heard of demons fighting with the hyumans, but I haven’t heard of any fights with hyumans and Graunts.

“I want to ask your reasons for wanting to become a Graunt, but let’s hear what you have to say first” (Makoto)

Maybe I was affected by his behavior, I use natural and polite words to continue the conversation with him.

“Then, let me ask two things as well. Wasn’t your name Raidou? And also, you say you are a human being, but human beings are an ancient race from the hyumans. Why can you say so confidently that you are one?” (Lich)

Ah~, human being is a figure of speech. Strictly speaking, I am kind of a hyuman as well. But my body specs are enough for the Goddess to call me a human being after all. Wait, the Goddess should know about my parents and yet, why does she call me a human?

I notice the flickering of Lich’s eyes that were as if probing me, and I return my mind that had been drowned in thoughts back to reality.

“Raidou is the name I used when I registered in the Adventurer Guild, and it is my alias, something close to a lend name. Well, you can just take it as a fake name. The name Makoto Misumi that I said a while ago is my real name. About that human word… I can only tell you that that’s how the Goddess calls me. Even I don’t understand my own details” (Makoto)

“The Goddess called you that?! Is that even possible?” (Lich)

“I can only tell you that it is indeed true. Leaving aside if it would truly serve as evidence or not, I can’t speak the language called, common language. It seems that it is because I haven’t received the blessing. But in exchange, I received the ability to speak with inhuman beings. That’s the reason why I am able to talk with you without any problems” (Makoto)

“Now that you mention it, we were talking so naturally that I didn’t notice at all. Leaving aside if it works as evidence, I certainly received my answer. If you have any other questions, please continue” (Lich)

Hm, it seems that for now he intends to answer my question in good will. Maybe it’s only because the other side wants to ask more questions though.

Let’s ask about the reason for wanting to become a graunt.

No, before that, there is also that matter.

“Before entering battle with me, you murdered one of the forest ogres right? If I remember correctly, that man that called himself the son of one of the elders. I remember Lich saying something about “that woman” to him that was on the ground. Can I ask what the meaning of that was?” (Makoto)

That’s right, the only victim in that battle. That was the guy who Mio and I said had a bad complexion.

It was also a person that the AkuaEris combi were worried about. What was his name? Wanda? No, it was Adonou.

“That guy huh. To think that you remembered a single word that I said, it seems I was underestimating Makoto-dono completely. I don’t feel bad about using him as if pulling the hand of a baby. That guy was a spy you know?” (Lich)

“Spy?” (Makoto)

I unconsciously repeat the word.

For a spy to infiltrate the forest ogres’ village, just who and for what reason?

“That’s right, a spy, no wait, a maneuvering member might be more proper. That fellow was doing diplomacy in midst of the forest ogres, doing exchanges with other races. But at one point, he got the sympathy of one power and began moving in a way that the forest ogres would benefit them” (Lich)

If he was in a post where he could constantly negotiate with the races from outside, it is certainly easy to increase the number of times they meet. Were they guys that discovered the existence of the forest ogres and had an eye on their combat power?

The aspect of Adonou-kun may have served as a sign for them. It created doubts in AB.

“… When you said, “that woman”, were you referring to the power that was behind him?” (Makoto)

“That’s right. This may be a bundle of answers you were looking for. That woman refers to a demon race general. There is no need for me to say who is the power behind it, it’s the demon army” (Lich)

Wow. The demon race that is supposed to have their main base in the northern part of the continent, has even extended their hands to the border of the world. Isn’t this information pretty dangerous?

Ah, but the ones that were in Shen’s gate were also of the demon race. Those were probably not people that were traveling to train as warriors, but were most likely people related to the demon army.

“… She is a woman I can’t come to like. It seems that she send 5 soldiers at the depths of the wasteland and all communication with them was lost. They seem to be hurriedly gathering war potential. Because war seems to be coming soon after all” (Lich)

5? Maybe, can it be? Are they the ones?

“Is it okay? For you to be answering so much” (Makoto)

“I am not a member of the demon race, so I don’t mind. This is just a petty grudge I have. Didn’t I tell you? That that woman had a personality I didn’t like” (Lich)

“Thank you very much. Then, go ahead, your turn” (Makoto)

“Well, I have two questions I want to ask at the same time, so please go first” (Lich)

He is an unexpectedly faithful person. Maybe he was a scholar in his past life.

“Hm, even if you say that, what I would want to ask you about would be regarding the reason you want to become a Graunt. And after that, I also have a favor to ask of you” (Makoto)

Though I feel like he doesn’t want to answer.

“Hngh, that is… a question I can’t answer. I am sorry. Then, about that favor?” (Lich)

See? Well, this was only my personal interest after all. At any rate, to say “I can’t answer” in a situation where it wouldn’t be strange to be killed at any time.

“I take that you are a person with deep knowledge in magic. I will pay the price, so I want you to yield some of those magic books to me” (Makoto)

That’s how it is.

I am already feeling the limits of learning from Ema-san’s aria and spell list. If possible, I want to put my hands on other knowledge.

Also, the language that Lich used was a language I hadn’t heard before. He most likely has a lot of books. I don’t mind if they are basic stuff, I want some of them.

“… Are you making fun of me?” (Lich)

“Eh?” (Makoto)

“Makoto-dono was able to form such an abnormally efficient magic. It was an aria that surpassed mine by leaps and bounds in efficiency and in length of words. When you can even use such a thing, what is it that you want to know about my spells and knowledge?” (Lich)

Oh, he got in a pretty bad mood. The red light of his eyes were fluctuating less, how to say it, it felt like they were sitting.

Nonono. I didn’t have that intent at all okay? I only wanted new book you know?

Tomoe seemed to not be able to hold it in and made a “bufu” sound. What are you laughing for?!

Mio also seems to find it funny, her shoulders were trembling.

“N-No. I honestly just want to learn. My magic book is only a paper long after all” (Makoto)

“… Wa?” (Lich)

“Like I said. My magic book is only one paper! I just want some new ones!” (Makoto)

“… Then, what are you trying to tell me? Was that spell’s aria also written in the paper? Are you telling me that you obtained a piece of a forbidden spell book?” (Lich)

“No, it is something that I asked to be written for learning sake, it isn’t that big of a deal. If it’s fine with you, I can give you one of the same. That’s right, how about exchanging books?” (Makoto)

I just have to ask Ema-san to write one more. Isn’t that super profitable?

“I don’t mind, if you are fine with it, I will accept that negotiation. Though I think I would clearly be the one benefiting from it” (Lich)

Oh, it’s a done deal now.

“Then, now comes the questions I wanted to ask. The first one, you already answered half of it, but I want to ask again. What was that spell that you used to defeat me? Just what in the world did you do for my magic power to be eaten?” (Lich)

Ah, he must be talking about the thing that intelligent people wouldn’t understand huh.

“That spell is made purely out of darkness attribute magic. The original target was the spell’s wisp, then Lich, I just designated you” (Makoto)

“… I don’t understand what you are trying to say” (Lich)

“Didn’t you say the specialty of darkness magic a second ago?” (Makoto)

“Absorbtion… no. What I said? Eating magic, do you refer to that?” (Lich)

“Yeah, that’s right. That’s the answer” (Makoto)

“But isn’t it meaningless to use magic power on a spell that has already been activated? If you try to scatter a magic like that it would end up in excess use of magic power. Moreover, a magic power that is clad on a user, to use only darkness to erase it would make the effectiveness even lower” (Lich)

“You are right” (Makoto)

“At the very least, I estimate it would be from 10 times to 15 times more. It would only be a waste to do that” (Lich)

“Yeah, it was a waste” (Makoto)

“… Is Makoto-dono an idiot?” (Lich)

“What a wicked tongue (lol) you have. However, the reality is that you lost” (Makoto)

“Doing whatever you wanted, wasting magic power as if pouring water and were even able to eat the magic power that I had already composed” (Lich)

“Yep, that’s right” (Makoto)

A strange silence breaks out. This is the first strange atmosphere since this talk began.

But this is all true though.

“Fu… fu fufufu. Hahaahahahahahahaaha!!” (Lich)

He began laughing for some reason? His bones were going *karakara but I couldn’t retort because his laughing sounded as if he had broken.

What? Was his reasoning blown away? I think that just by being made out of pure bones makes him have a lack of it though.

Ah, he stopped.

“Don’t mess with meeee! Brat, are you stating that you are the incarnation of a spirit or something like that?!” (Lich)

“Shut up cranium. You dare call Waka brat?” (Tomoe)

“To put Waka-sama on the same level as a petty spirit, should I disseminate your whole body and use it as bait?” (Mio)

When I thought that Lich had stood up at the same time as he let out an angry voice, the next second, his movements had frozen over.

Leaving aside if that was actually a vital spot, Tomoe’s unsheathed sword was pointing at the neck of Lich.

Mio was already at his back and from his cervical vertebrae to his spine, she was holding her closed folding fan and creeping it.

How fast, isn’t their teamwork perfect? Since when did they train?

Their eyes were pretty scary, but they were not snapped yet. For now they were pulling their attacks.

… Maybe they are also repressing a lot of pent up things? Uh, chills are running down my back.

In any case, we can’t just leave the situation like this.

I urge both of them to separate.

“Well, I apologize for the rudeness of my followers” (Makoto)

After apologizing, I wanted to invite Lich to take sit once more, but before I could do that, his back fell down with a *su ton. Instead of calling it sitting, it was more like he fell down and the chair was coincidentally there.

“You!” (Mio)

It seems that Mio was angered once more by that action and was going to move. But, as expected, it wouldn’t be brushed out as a joke so I restraint her. I am truly happy that you think so much of me but…

If possible, I want you to point that anger at enemies or evil intent and not at this impoliteness. I would be happy if you could take a lot of things in a composed manner.

“Waka, may I?” (Tomoe)

“Tomoe huh. I want you to stay obedient for a bit though?” (Makoto)

“No, it has to do with the magic book matter” (Tomoe)

That huh. Isn’t the talk already over? I will have Ema-san write a copy and give it to him. And in exchange, I will have him lent me a number of magic books. What’s the problem in that?

“What is it?” (Makoto)

While holding a bit of my irritation, I ask for her to continue. Right now I want to calm down Lich though.

“I think that instead of asking just for a few of them, you could take them all. For someone like him” (Tome)

“? Hah?!” (Lich)

Don’t go saying things that could cause a reverse effect! Can’t you see that Lich is surprised?!

“What, I think that he would happily hand them over” (Tomoe)

“You, can’t you just keep silent-” (Makoto)

“No, Waka. I think that what he wants to know, I probably know it. I am sorry for the late words but if you can give this Tomoe full power, I will show you that I can grant Waka’s wish and more than that” (Tomoe)

“… Really, are you seriously saying it?” (Makoto)

This one has a lot of previous offences after all. And her anger a second ago also reminded me a bit of Mio.

At the time of the forest ogres you were pretty cold and yet… I seriously don’t know the point in which Tomoe gets angry.

At the time when she unsheated her sword as well.

When it is not related to history dramas she really becomes quick tempered. Even though they did a lot of worse things compared to Lich’s impoliteness…

Don’t tell me that they will be doing it like the Marine Corps where they use a sweet poison to train right? Well, there is no way that would happen.

Generally speaking, even if someone is sweltering, I am somehow able to endure it, but if there is an evolution even worse than that pervert, I would die. AB are on the plain side. Especially the crazy one.

Is there a reason why she wants to recruit them so much? I thought that she only wanted to have ninjas, but could it be that she still has something in mind? After all, the person may be my follower, but she is still a dragon. The time she has spent alive is on a completely different level.

It is still too early for me to understand all of her thought patterns and have her obey me. Regarding her hobby, I amusingly understand her though.

“Of course. I am Waka’s follower. I wouldn’t step into betraying Koumon-sama, and even in a million years I wouldn’t kill master. I am a person that would follow her Shogun to the bitter end. So please” (Tomoe)

Tomoe lowers her head.

… If you go that far.

I nodded and entrust her the continuation. Tomoe may talk about something that I don’t know about. With that expectation in mind…





Chapter 57 - Talking with the corpse: second part


Now, how does Tomoe pretend to negotiate with Lich?

“Thank you. That skull over there, no, maybe I should call you Lich. You want to know about the graunts right? In short… wouldn’t that mean you know of other worlds?” (Tomoe)

?!

What?

What did Tomoe say just now?!

“?!!!” (Lich)

Lich clearly shows he is disturbed by the mention of the word other worlds. But that was the same for me.

“Hohoh~. Bull’s-eye huh. You aren’t actually the first one talking about graunts after all. There are two types that have arrived at the existence called graunt. The first ones are the heroes that sought for power. For them, they pile up achievements and get recognized by the Goddess and spirits, and get reborn as their dependents” (Tomoe)

So when you become a dependent of the Goddess or a high spirit, you become a race called graunt huh. I didn’t even know about the word graunt before so I would certainly not be able to answer him.

But then, what does other world…

After Tomoe stared at Lich’s disturbed face until satistifed, she once again connects the words she stopped midway.

“And the other is, the people that know that this world isn’t the only one out there. Questers, is probably what I should call them. From the small seams in this world as well as the records of numerous visitors that have come in the past, people that were originally not supposed to know about the existence of those worlds, some of them ended up travelling to them” (Tomoe)

“!!”

Lich was staring at Tomoe as if wanting to eat her. To the point that it would make you wonder if he could kill people with his gaze. Incredibly intense eyes that could not compare to just a few moments ago.

“You most likely thought like this. Graunts, being a high race of hyumans, were power bearers that could actually travel through worlds” (Tomoe)

“T-That’s right! If it’s a graunt, I can certainly travel the worlds. I can surely move to the world I “want”! Am I right?!” (Lich)

Lich’s words were like a broken dam, with one breath he said it all and poured it onto Tomoe. Even so, Tomoe’s profound look wasn’t affected at all.

I understood that there was no opening for me to enter in between these two’s conversation.

However, I heard words I couldn’t let go.

Traveling through worlds. Moving through the world you want.

That… could it mean that I would be able to return to the world I had given up once, the world where my family and friends are in?

“Wrong” (Tomoe)

Tomoe, what do you know? I am of the same sentiment as him, I want to know.

“W-What did you say?” (Lich)

“You must have researched a lot of books, legends, and documents. I don’t know how long you have lived and how much you must have pumped yourself into in order to do that, it is hard for me to even imagine it. And then, you decided on your ideal graunt” (Tomoe)

“??”

“Just like I said a few moments ago-ja. Graunts are the dependents of the Goddess and the ones that follow her, reincarnated ones and also the ones who traveled through the worlds… no, people that traveled through the cracks of the worlds” (Tomoe)

“???”

“Don’t you understand? In short, graunts are existences that were made anew, a word that points out a superior “one”. It’s not a race, nor do they have the power to travel through worlds-ja yo” (Tomoe)

“Aaah?!” (Lich)

“While in their hyuman body, they found seams of the world in the past and researched on their own, and a number of them threw themselves into it. The ones that half-bakedly jumped into the world seam, some of them saw the other world’s seam as if looking through a kaleidoscope and returned to this world. When they did so, their existences had changed into what is called graunts. I don’t know what they saw, but they just left a number of books without telling any accurate details and died prematurely” (Tomoe)

“Then, what about the ones that didn’t return?” (Lich)

Lich’s words were as if he wringed them out. I don’t know if he actually wants to know, or maybe he doesn’t want to know.

“If they were able to go to the other world, then they are living as graunts. In the case that that person died before it happened, his hyuman flesh would separate and scatter away. If they were able to change to the other world, it may be possible that the Goddess would know through that world’s God, but the things that happen after the person was thrown into the seam, aside from Gods, there is no one who would be able to know. There are exceptions, but that is probably something that is not related to you” (Tomoe)

“… No way” (Lich)

“People are living beings that look at what they want to look at-ja. They see the fragmented information and connect them in a way they desire. That is something no one would be able to blame. Including your conjecture about the graunts-” (Tomoe)

“Ex… ceptions. That’s right, what about the exceptions?! What kind of situation does it take?” (Lich)

“……” (Tomoe)

Even though Tomoe’s words were stopped midway, she didn’t get angry. She must have felt sympathy as it was just as she predicted would happen.

“I ask of you, please” (Lich)

“There is only one exception I know of, the permission of the Goddess-ja. If for example, the Goddess opens that gate, instead of becoming a graunt, there is a higher chance for the hyuman to transfer as a hyuman. Of course, even if I say there is a higher chance, the success rate is lower than 1 percent-ja na” (Tomoe)

Saying there is a higher chance and it is less than one percent? Isn’t that practically suicide?

Hearing up to this point, I understood that even if Lich eternally wanted to become a graunt, it didn’t mean he threw away being a hyuman.

“Then, that means this one… just what was I trying to…” (Lich)

His eyes looked at the table as if eating into it. I could feel stupefaction in his eyes that were already lacking in will.

“I don’t know what is it you were trying to aim for. Because if you don’t want to tell me I won’t ask you” (Tomoe)

“…”

“But you know, you are a lucky one just as Mio over there-ja” (Tomoe)

Mio, without knowing the reason of why her name was called so suddenly, stared in surprise at Tomoe.

Tomoe, what are you saying? Even though you are the one that ended his pursuit in such a despairing manner.

“Mio also, isn’t that different from you. An existence that should originally remain unsaved. But in front of you, who is there?” (Tomoe)

“… Makoto-dono right?” (Lich)

“That’s right-ja, my master Makoto-sama-ja. What do you think I am? Hyuman?” (Tomoe)

“… Like hell that is possible. There is no way a hyuman that possesses so much knowledge can exist” (Lich)

Disinterested. Lich’s words were as if they would disappear at any moment.

“Then, what do you think I am?” (Tomoe)

“By process of elimination you should be… a Goddess? Maybe a high spirit? Or maybe a superior dragon? Hahaha, just how in the world did you guys turn hyuman shaped and ended up coming to this kind of place” (Lich)

This fellow is impressive. Looking at Tomoe, and thinking about the contents of what she said, one of the answers he gave from the narrowed possibilities was actually correct.

As an ex-student, I look up to these kind of things.

“Here, if you are a Lich you should be able to do it, try to guess it from my magic power. That kind of analysis is your favorite area right?” (Tomoe)

I could feel a presence close to a fighting stance from Tomoe’s body and she was filled with magic power.

Lich quizzically looked at that state, but in the midst of it, his eyes opened wide. Is it really possible to tell apart one’s race by looking at their magic power?

“Dragon. And it is one that is quite powerful. Don’t tell me…” (Lich)

“What an impressive fellow. I am Shen, right now I am named Tomoe though” (Tomoe)

“S-Shen? The mist dragon, that “invincible” dragon?!” (Lich)

Hey hey. He really got it right. And he even knows the name of Shen.

Is it that Lich’s knowledge is impressive, or could it be the reputation of Shen’s name that is impressive?

Tomoe was making such a remote place as her dwelling, so I thought that she wasn’t that known. Lich was previously a hyuman so more the reason.

“So you do know. It’s that Shen-ja” (Tomoe)

“No way. Why is a superior dragon in such a crowded and unclear place” (Lich)

“I just changed my beliefs-ja yo. I have found a person that was more worth to work under than the Goddess you see. The things I talked to you about, I think that any books should have it… well, there is no way they have it, this kind of talk. If it is known that you can go out from this world, it would become a big chaos. The only people that know about this are the ones that I told you a few moments ago, and also, disclosing this is prohibited okay? You would definitely become a purging target after all” (Tomoe)

“Then, why did you tell it to this one?” (Lich)

“It is simple. I was charmed by you-ja” (Tomoe)

Charmed, as in falling in love? No, there is no way. That’s definitely not what she meant. It is that huh, because he was able to awaken the power of the forest ogres or something like that.

She certainly did have a look of admiration. Could it be that this is a plan to awaken the long lost power of the orcs and the lizards?

“Charmed?” (Lich)

“That’s right-ja. Hey, you pitiful Lich that has forgotten his name…” (Tomoe)

With a self-satisfied look on her face, Tomoe slowly said each word out as if detailing each of them.

“Become the follower of Waka” (Tomoe)

And that’s what she said.





Chapter 58 - The Third Pact


Lich.

As an undead, it is a high ranking existence. Its strength completely dependent on the individual. But even their highest class is far from reaching the level of a superior dragon.

What I am trying to say is…

If he makes a pact with me, it would be the pact that is 10 times less than them, the “provisions pact” which will link us together.

Flatly saying, he would be absorbed and not even his existence would be left. I was reluctant, but Lich was also pretty pitiful. Because he was told off a lot by Tomoe and Mio.

Those girls got together and said that they didn’t want “me” to have an impurity mixed in within. To be called an impurity, I can’t even measure how he must be feeling.

Because he couldn’t even make it to slave relation with his own effort, I thought that the foundation in being my follower was impossible in itself.

I don’t know what Tomoe was saying about a test drum, but maybe she has come up with a good plan to break this deadlock.

“Mngh, as expected, just like this would be difficult huh…” (Tomoe)

“Even if we call him high-ranking, it doesn’t change the fact that he is an undead after all. The magic power that proves as his life source is also little after all” (Mio)

For even Mio to have looked down on his magic power, Lich must feel his shoulders narrow from that. He had gotten off his seat and prostrated. His biggest strong point was placed in the pile of generic. No surprise.

How to say it, I feel like I’m looking at the past world’s me. The elementary school time’s I will never be able to forget, the time when I was running at a marathon competition, how moved I felt and the reactions of the people around. Yeah, that really did hit me.

After Tomoe convinced (brainwashed maybe?) Lich.

We were right now in the middle of seeing if we are able to make a pact. Even if the person itself is willing, it doesn’t mean that the problem has been solved.

The place is still my room. It already passed quite a bit of time and it was now late in the night. It’s most likely the time where someone would be sleeping deeply. I was born in the amusement era so I am not that susceptible to drowsiness, but in this world, especially the races in this wasteland, their schedule is early sleep early rise.

Inside the magic formation for pacts was Lich and me.

In the time we began looking for a solution, Lich was exultant but… the appearance of him when he was looked down upon was so weak looking that it felt like he could be blown away. Tomoe and Mio also, they were trying to clearly put out the hierarchy to the point that it makes me wonder if they were actually bullying him.

Outside the formation, Tomoe and Mio were conversing without restraining their words at all.

“Waka, is it possible for Waka to weaken your strength yourself?” (Tomoe)

Hm. Is she referring to [Sakai]?

Weaken huh. There is no meaning to it, but I can do it.

Weaken the enemy, meaning, the time when I use it in a way that I give it an effect close to a debuff.

The effects I place on [Sakai] always affect me as well. Moreover, it only activates with me as the center. When I am aware, I am able to activate it in a spherical shape, but when I am not thinking anything and activate it, it ends up dome shaped. If I try to make it smaller, it ends up with only my body being wrapped.

I think that if I use something like fire or blizzard, I would end up killing myself. I haven’t tried it though. That’s why, I am obviously unable to say for sure.

At the time when I tried it with the orcs I didn’t do it, but right now I am able to do strengthen and healing effects. Also, these were discovered by chance.

If I don’t try out a few things in the near future in order to understand my power properly, I may end up digging my own grave. It is better to increase the number of things I can do. But I feel like if I think of the lasting effects, my range of things I can try would narrow.

“Yeah, I can do it. There was no point in it so I haven’t tried it before, but I can do it” (Makoto)

“Then, please do so. I will be doing the pact link once again so” (Tomoe)

Tomoe, with Mio’s assistance, pour energy into the magic formation once again.

In the space between Lich and me, a light pillar rises and changes colors. That ever changing light was dyed once more.

Light brown. A color I haven’t seen before. The color of Tomoe and Mio was red.

That was a ruling relationship, Tomoe said that that was just barely in the line. Then does that mean light brown is no good?

“Earth colored huh. It lowers until slavery. If he becomes a doll with no self-conscious it would be pointless to have this skeleton though” (Tomoe)

Slavery. If I remember correctly, it would destroy his self and leave the person as only a doll that follows orders. Certainly, we don’t need something like that.

“Tomoe-san, isn’t this impossible? If you want to make that thing a follower no matter what, wouldn’t it be faster to just try and train him?” (Mio)

What do you mean by try? Just what kind of training do you plan on doing? Also, don’t say “that thing”.

“Well Mio, don’t say that. I have a bit of a plan” (Tomoe)

Saying that, what she took out from her breast pocket was… that is?!

“Isn’t that Waka-sama’s ring?!” (Mio)

“Umu! Moreover, it is a product that has been properly tested out. Okay, Mio…” (Tomoe)

Right on the mark! It’s the ring that absorbs my magic power until its limits. Just how many does she have with her?

I don’t know what she means with the “moreover”.

It seems that the two of them are doing a secret talk by whispering in Mio’s ear.

Tomoe’s words made Mio have a surprised look in her face. But maybe it was because she consented, or because she understood, she nodded and the surroundings became a bit silent.

Mio also has a lot of skills in her repertoire right. To be able to understand by instinct, just how much of a genius she is.

When the earth colored light settled down and the pillar of light disappeared, Tomoe entered.

And then she slowly gave the ring to Lich.

“The inquiry about it will have to be for later-ja. Okay, put on all of the 13 I gave you” (Tomoe)

13 she says, what an ominous number that is.

“Put, this on? This one only has ten fingers though?” (Lich)

“I don’t care where you put them, as long as you put on those 3 somewhere there won’t be any problem. Now, hurry and do it already. It’s easier than jumping inside a world seam you know?” (Tomoe)

“… I understand” (Lich)

Lich does as he was told and begins to put them on. There doesn’t seem to be any difference. When he puts one on, there isn’t even a pained look.

Well, those are rings that have already absorbed to their limit anyways. It was already in a dangerous state so they told me not to use them anymore and get new ones but, what would happen if the magic power surpasses what it can absorb?

At least Lich didn’t dry up the instant he put on the rings, so for now I am relieved.

When we confirm that Lich has put on all of them, Tomoe once again walks outside.

Once again the two of them continue the aria they were doing a few moments ago and the pact begins.

No, that’s not it. Tomoe is the one in charge of the pact spell and I feel like Mio is doing something to Lich.

The light pillar appears once more.

But that color was… red. No way!

“Success-ja! It’s red-ja zo!” (Tomoe)

“… Tomoe-san? Faking magic power is something we don’t understand and it is also difficult-desu, so please concentrate on finishing this before celebrating” (Mio)

If it is something you don’t understand, how are you able to do it for real?! That’s something I would definitely be unable to do!

“I know. Waka, we will begin the pact. It’s okay right, Lich?” (Tomoe)

Fake they say, meaning it is a camouflage? I don’t know what they did to trick the pact but… it isn’t something you do so carelessly!

The specs of Tomoe and Mio are scary. What is it, do these two also possess the mad scientist attribute?

It looks like they did a pretty excessive doping and were able to succeed?!

Intuition or an enlightenment. Why is it that my followers are people that should normally not have any connection with the uncouth me? I feel like the time where I can surprise them with my modern time’s knowledge isn’t something that will last too long.

“… Is it okay for me to be accepted as a follower, Makoto-dono?” (Lich)

It seems that the skeleton from the very beginning didn’t have any objections of being my follower.

Maybe it is the effect of having Tomoe throw him into despair and lifting him a bit later. After that she explained about me, and seemed like she had zero intentions of letting him escape.

Though his tension seems to be a bit low. I kind of understand your feelings.

“Don’t worry, I actually wanted a man for some time now. Aren’t you a healthy skeleton? I am expecting a lot from you. Ahahaha” (Makoto)

I right now was what they call, riding in the flow.

The red light began to envelop all the inside of the formation.

After that short exchange between Lich and me, we kept silent and stood upright.

Soon, I could tell that there was a clear connection between us. The pact has been completed huh.

Being the third, I was already used to it, or more like I was calm about it.

The blinding light slowly disappears.

The remaining ones are, of course, me and Li… ch?

It is the same as with Tomoe and Mio so it should be the case but…

The one in front of me was…

Deep dark red colored hair that stretched until his back, and with his dark colored eyes that were the same as mine, he looks at me.

There was a hyuman that was in no way inferior and his appearance was that of a young man of 20 or so.

He has frikin flesh. And also, the two over there!

“Hohoh~ I was wondering what shape you would take, so that’s how it came huh!” (Tomoe)

“Fu~, his roots were certainly that of a hyuman after all. Could it be that this is his appearance from his previous life?” (Mio)

I understand that you were interested in what appearance he would be taking but! You are girls you know?! Your appearances are those of blooming girls you know?!

He only has a robe on his shoulders, don’t go seriously staring at a half-naked man!

He is not wearing any proper clothing you know?! Only a robe on his shoulders. Even his chest was practically in full view. His lower half was bare.

Tomoe seems to be affected a little bit. I don’t know about Mio though.

When I tried to check my own state after hearing those two’s words, Lich raises his arms and with wide eyes he was surprised by his own arm.

He touches his cheeks with both hands, hugs his shoulders, and it looks like he was touching his own body to confirm.

“Warm. I can feel the pulse of life?!” (Lich)

I don’t know the definition of an undead at all, but it seems that he has obtained a body of his own.

“Eh? What happened to the rings?” (Makoto)

“Now that you mention it, he doesn’t seem to have them on. Did they merge with him when his body was being remade?” (Tomoe)

“Those rings were originally Waka-sama’s magic power cluster. As long as he is under Waka’s control, there shouldn’t be any negative effects on him” (Mio)

You guys, is it okay with just that?

After Lich finished feeling moved, he made incredibly serious eyes and with a gesture that could be seen as exaggerated, he kneeled in front of me. His robe was already worn.

Uh, it looks like a serious atmosphere.

“Makoto-sama. For you to accept me as your lowest seat follower, this one, no, I am truly grateful. Also, the power of master that I feel in my body makes me shiver in happiness, and the fact that I was late in my greetings, I will apologize with my work from now on. I am looking forward to working for you” (Lich)

“Ah, yeah. Uhm, it is fine to not be so uptight. I don’t mind if you use “This one” or “I”. I am also looking forward to it” (Makoto)

“Yes!!” (Lich)

He lowers his head deeply. Pacts don’t change personality right? Right?

“How is it-ja, Lich? You don’t have regrets right? It’s not only that you know. Your future with Waka is the time when you will truly shiver in happiness-ja” (Tomoe)

After her words, Tomoe, who was looking for the same opinion from Mio, seemed to be happy for the birth of a new follower. He is quite the research lover, so I think they will get along well.

“Yeah, there are a lot of things we have to teach you. Especially about the set rules regarding Waka-sama” (Mio)

It seems that because he is a man follower, he is not that hated by Mio. Well, even if he were a woman or a man, I am sure she would still cram a lot of stuff about rules and set things though. Even the unnecessary stuff.

My third follower is a Lich. Since he is a bearer of 13 rings, I think that I will be able to depend on him as a powerful companion that can fight.

I will hide his existence when in Tsige and have him accompany me when we go to Academy Town.

Or there is also the choice of leaving him in Asora. It hasn’t happened yet, but there is a chance that the adventurers will get violent after all. It would be reassuring if there is someone who can deal with it in the event that anything happens.

“Waka! Is it okay for me to talk about what I know to this thickheaded Mio and this once skull?” (Tomoe)

About me coming from a different world huh. Yeah, as a follower, they are friends in a ruling relationship after all, so let’s tell them. I was in a sense given permission from the Goddess to stay in this world, though it is a shame that I am not a graunt.

… It’s okay right? It won’t be like “Asora is a different world so you are actually a graunt!” right? Because I can go around without any sort of burden. What I mean is that, from Tomoe’s needless anxiety of this being a different world altogether, this possibility can appear as well.

Tomoe was originally able to control a space. She must be able to make an even wider amount of deductions and while she verifies them at the same time, she puts them together in order and tells them to me. World creation must be one of many deductions.

Possibilities, that’s right, possibilities… For now, let me prepare my heart for the time when the truth comes out.

If it is about Asora and this town it is fine. Right now the talk should be of telling Mio and Lich about me.

This isn’t something that Tomoe should be telling them. It’s something I should be telling them myself. If I think of them as family and plan on treating them as so, then more the case.

“No, I will be telling them myself. Let’s go to the data warehouse” (Makoto)

Yeah, that’s right.

What should I do about Lich’s name? I have to think about it. I should at least give him his name fast. I have a few choices so it should be fine for him to choose from them.

“!! Waka!” (Tomoe)

“Hm, what’s wrong Tomoe?” (Makoto)

“It has become a bit of a problem… Ei!” (Tomoe)

What? At the time when Tomoe suddenly made an impatient expression and was trying to tell me about the problem…

“!!”

A strong light shone from the window into the room.





Chapter 59 - What can’t be regained


A giant vestige of magic power arrived at our location like a sudden gust. Just what in the world?!

No, there is no way. This is…

“My… magic power?” (Makoto)

That’s right. What I felt in my skin was my magic power that I had begun sensing when I arrived at this world.

“I am truly sorry Waka. I have done a blunder” (Tomoe)

I, who was leaning my body onto the window and not paying attention, heard the voice of Tomoe in my ears.

She sounded like she was in a painful state.

When I turned around, what I saw in my eyes was Tomoe who was standing on one knee and having blood flowing on one side of her lips, also Mio and Lich who were looking at Tomoe with an uneasy face.

An enemy attack? But in these situation only Tomoe?

Right now, the only ones in this Asora, aside from us, are a number of adventurers and the idiot trio, and also the forest ogres. I don’t think there is anyone among them that could wound Tomoe.

“Tomoe! What happened?!” (Makoto)

“Guh, those three…” (Tomoe)

After saying that, Tomoe collapsed. The blood hasn’t stopped yet.

Kugh, the situation in our surroundings. What is going on?!

I spread out [Sakai]. Even if I can’t spread it through all the town, I will do it in a way that I can still maintain precision, but then… I got a shock.

The surroundings were filled with remnants of what seemed to be my magic power and I was unable to get a proper grasp of the situation.

I stop relying on the [search] and begin to earnestly infer the situation from the terrain and people, I change the [search] to grasp only physical things and spread out [Sakai] once more.

The abnormality… found it!

Somewhere around the side alley I used to connect to Asora.

The surroundings of that area were incredibly cracked and it looked like a crater!

Was this the reason of that light a few moments ago?!

I see some shapes close to that area that seem to be unable to move. I have to go there!

“Mio! I leave you in charge of Tomoe. Lich come with me!” (Makoto)

Without waiting for their reply, I ran out of the room.

The weapon that I asked the dwarfs to make hasn’t been finished yet. At the room, I only took the ceremony dagger that I got from the orcs.

Damn it, if only I could fly in the sky at times like this! Why is it that I can’t use the wind element at all?!

If I’m not wrong, ‘Those three’ is what Tomoe said. Three, don’t tell me that it is really those idiot trio? But there are people accompanying them, so the things they do should be known.

(Makoto-sama)

It’s Lich’s voice. Thought transmission huh. Looking at my sides I see that he is still not with me. I, who was using the shortest route in a hurry, answer him without slowing my speed.

(What is it?) (Makoto)

(I am sorry. Since I am not used to my body yet, I can’t run well) (Lich)

Are you a geezer?! Ah, well, he was bones right. Then couldn’t he just float or something? Was his only choice to run?

(Can’t you come by floating?) (Makoto)

(Of course. But the place that Makoto-sama is heading to seems to have injured people, so if possible I wanted to use healing magic) (Lich)

(Healing?! Lich, you can do recovery magic?!) (Makoto)

Are you kidding me? In what world can an undead use recovery magic?!

As expected of the Goddess. She really gives crazy rules to the world. No good, just thinking about her being involved, I end up accepting anything with a simple sigh.

I should properly ask Lich about the undead after everything is solved. Leaving aside now that he has a flesh body, I just can’t put aside my prejudice of an ex-skeleton having recovery magic.

(… Yeah, I can use it. Actually, it is my specialty) (Lich)

It’s your specialty you say?

My vision of an undead is being completely destroyed. And he is even saying it as if it were an obvious thing.

(… If you are able to do it from where you are right now, could you heal from there?) (Makoto)

(I have received your order clearly) (Lich)

Honestly, I haven’t understood and accepted it yet, but the important issue lies in another area. That’s right, there is no need for him to hurry and reach where I am, because he still has something he can do.

After asking him to use recovery magic, I cut the thought transmission.

Even if my physical abilities have gone up, I am inside a building.

My speed can’t go up that much compared to when I am outdoors.

While feeling frustrated for my tardiness, I still continue on without lowering my speed and arrive at the scene.

I was too concentrated in running that the things that I heard from my ears slipped by.

The groanings of agony, the sobbing, the cries.

The remnants of destruction of a stone paving that was violently gouged out. Things that were scooped out and blown away were not few in numbers.

In that place where orcs and dwarfs were suffering, this town was dyed by the colors of violence for the first time.

Ah…

Just… what in the world happened?

Something exploded. That’s what it looks like to me. It may be a bit of an exaggeration to call it a crater, but the stone paving at ones’ feet was all over the place and the brutality of a power that can mow down trees. All of this made me think of a weapon of some sort.

But what was preoccupying me the most was… my magic power.

This place was the densest. Meaning that this place was the center of all the remnants in the area.

The other magic power that I can perceive from here is Lich’s magic.

The healing light was faintly enveloping the people suffering. A yellow and warm light.

I also spread out a [Sakai] with healing property to all the injured people that my sight can confirm.

At any rate, there is nothing else I can do if I don’t have anyone who is able to talk.

I have to do something about this situation where not even a single one is able to get up and help others.

And then, while looking at my surroundings and trying to understand even if for a bit the situation, I saw something with my eyes.

Something that at a glance looked like a chrysalis.

It was close to the place where the supposed explosion took place.

!!!

Don’t tell me…!

I ran to that place. That is, that is no chrysalis!

“No… way” (Makoto)

The upper half was burned, missing both arms, and the body was filled with cracks and cut open. Legs were torn off, and it looked like a chrysalis that was cut off from its thread.

But this… no, he was…!

“… Arke” (Makoto)

He, who is supposed to possess quite the power, how in the world did it turn out like this?

No, that’s not it. That’s totally not it!

Is he breathing, is he still breathing?!

Without feeling any sort of disgust, I hurriedly run to his side. I concentrate on his mouth and chest and check if he is breathing.

A cold body that was practically impossible to feel any warmth in it. And also, I could feel that characteristic rigidness I felt at my childhood when a car ran down a stray cat.

No way, is he already… dead?

My head was a complete blank. Even though I didn’t feel anything when an unknown person died. And the Liz, as well as that time with the demon race and the many other demonic beasts.

My mind was completely blank, not knowing what to do, I could tell that my body was being controlled by trembling.

(Makoto-sama! At the place where you are right now, that person is the most injured one! The other ones have already passed the dangerous part, so I will be concentrating on that part now. Please, I ask for Makoto-sama’s cooperation!)

Just before I couldn’t think about anything else…

I heard Lich’s voice. It was a voice that returned me to my senses!

?!!!

He is not dead?!

Something I can help out with…

That is [Sakai]. There is nothing else but [Sakai].

… If only I were able to use recovery magic, it would have been a different story!

Why is it that I “can’t use” the healing formula at all?!

Even though I can understand the aria and composition, I can’t manifest that power for some reason. Not being able to use the attribute I want the most, how unreasonable is that?!

Damn it! Can I do this properly without magic?

… My priorities are all backwards huh, it doesn’t matter if it isn’t enough, I have to do it!

I make a quite small [Sakai] that spread out just in the area around me and the Arke. The property given is healing.

Lich releases an even deeper light and enveloped the Arke’s body.

But there was no reaction.

Is this not enough? Is it because I am missing my own recovery magic?!

(Lich! Can’t you increase your output more? From what I see, I don’t feel like he is on his way to recovery!) (Makoto)

(For now it is! Right now I am using the spell while heading there, but if I am not seeing it directly, it won’t be as effective. I am also continuing my treatment on the other ones, but is it okay to neglect them and concentrate on him?” (Lich)

(Rejected. Continue doing that. When you think it is okay, I want you to concentrate on the Arke) (Makoto)

(I am heading there as fast as I can, so please continue healing as well Makoto-sama) (Lich)

Healing huh. What I am using is not magic. I can’t use the healing attribute, Lich. I don’t know the extent of its effect, but I might have been able to increase its effect if I had coupled it with magic, and yet…

……

Couple?

That’s right. Sakai. Strengthening and healing, strengthening and search. I can give [Sakai] two effects. Does it have to be two “different” effects in order to work?

Could it be…?

I concentrate on the [Sakai] that was wrapped around the Arke and me.

I put together the healing, with another healing. Will the effect go along with me or…

[Sakai] is different from magic. I am not able to tell from plain sight if the effect has become stronger. It is one thing if I look at the target, but there is no other person close by, so I can’t tell If it is a success or a failure.

Even so, I do it like the times when I put strengthening and healing together, having an image of the surface, I concentrate on putting on healing and healing together.

“The cracks are… closing!!” (Makoto)

The effects have increased! I’m probably not wrong about that!

The numerous cracks that were running down on his hard skin that looked like serious injuries, were closing like thin linings and then, disappeared!

Yes! Yes!

The lower half and legs portion that were cut down were forcibly adhering themselves.

The right arm that was lost from the roots, and the left arm that was lost till the elbow as well. It was being regenerated from the top of the shoulders to the elbow. It looked like a gore image, but I, who was being overwhelmed by happiness, didn’t mind about anything like that.

He can be healed!

Now only thing left is for his consciousness to return. If his consciousness returns, it is probably alright.

The normally earth colored skin was even deeper and his skin that I couldn’t feel any vitality from had its flexibility return to normal and his warmth was returning. His healed arm moved as if having a cramp.

“Are you okay?! Do you understand me?!” (Makoto)

His eyelids also shook, and then they opened. His consciousness already returned?! For it to go so well…

“U… a”

“There is no need to force yourself to talk! It’s okay to just nod and shake your head!” (Makoto)

It seems that the Arke understood what I was saying. He hesitated a bit from my words and he certainly shook his head vertically.

At that moment, I felt relief and strength left me.

I am so glad. Seriously.

I confirm my surroundings again.

The thick magic power of mine still remained and it was obstructing my ability to collect information and understand this situation.

But I didn’t use [Sakai], I used my naked eye to understand that this disaster was being controlled slowly.

After this, I can ask the people that have calmed down about what happened.

The mist gate, that entrance which I used once in order to return here. Could it be that it is connected to this in some way?

I don’t think it is a complete coincidence.

That’s how I felt. Because of the disruption, I am unable to estimate its precise location, but I look at the vicinity of the area where I transferred from.

It seems that there isn’t anything special.

It’s not like it is close to this explosion looking place anyways. Am I just overthinking?

What?

There is something there.

Judging that the Arke was already okay, I get closer to that “something” and pick it up with my hands.

A fragment of an accessory?

It can be seen as a chain as well, but… this is not something from here.

Should I spread out a search? But my magic power is obstructing me so…

No, just like in that time with the healing, isn’t it fine to just place search and search together?

My magic power is interfering with me knowing what happened here so…

I go over my magic power with the second search, I try using it as if tearing away the upper membrane of something.

I feel like I can do it. The smoke like thing that was obstructing me disappeared.

The ones who were here were… the Arkes, orcs, lizards…. And there was Tomoe mini as well huh.

And also, close to the Arkes there are remnants of the orcs’ magic power as well.

Then, where are those two?

Even when I try to confirm it with my eyes, I couldn’t find those two in the area where I slightly felt their magic power.

I suddenly remember Tomoe’s bad condition.

If the body that she herself created received a fatal injury, she wouldn’t have received such a wound.

Meaning that, something happened around this part to Tomoe’s body portion.

And also, the other magic power that I found, the orc…

The worst happening crossed my mind.

This fragment, just what it is…

For the sake of shaking off this bad dream, I continue my present duty.

Three. There is certainly three differing magic powers here. If it is three, could it be the three that Tomoe mentioned? Certainly, judging by the strength I can feel it is hyuman as well though.

But just what danger would they do? Even in Tsige, they were just a few ways higher than the general populace you know?

I follow the three magic powers.

Two of them disappeared as if cracking, and the other one had entered a strange distortion.

The cracked and disappearing one resembled the magic power of Tomoe’s body portion that I felt a few moments ago.

I could feel that my instincts were strangely honed. If it is now, I feel like I might be able to do the distinction that Lich does. Maybe it is the effect of the [Sakai] that has two overlaying properties. Or could it be… that there is another reason?

No good. First I have to track the remaining magic power.

I feel like I have seen that distortion somewhere before. It looked like the times when Tomoe creates a mist gate.

At the time when I returned, there was something like that too. No doubt about it. It must be the remains of a mist gate. They said it would disappear as time goes by, but it seems that quite a few things remain.

At that side, the hyuman’s magic power continues. Strange. This is certainly strange.

“Makoto-sama, sorry for the delay. It seems that you somehow managed to save the seriously injured one huh” (Lich)

“Lich, I leave you in charge of this place” (Makoto)

“Eh, Makoto-sama?” (Lich)

I just leave a few words to Lich who ran to where I was, and once again open the mist gate from the remains of the distortion.

While feeling an unpleasant uneasiness.





Chapter 60 - Retribution


“This is… Tsige? Did I… return?”

A woman’s voice.

“A… A ha! I was saved! This air, this scent, there is no doubt! It’s Tsige!”

At that moment, I found the girl.

At the place where I was following, I found her.

In a narrow back alley with no presence of other people.

That was the place where that girl just woke up in. I was surprised. That was truly one of the three people. The girl that acted like she was the leader.

She had terrible injuries in all her body.

They were serious injuries, to the point that it would be impossible for her to return alive if she were in the wasteland.

But well, this is the town. If she exits to the streets and calls out, she would be saved.

No matter how late in the night it is, the Tsige who has a lot of alleys in the brothels should have someone passing by.

The chance to meet a bad person is there. But if it’s her, I feel like she would be splendidly saved by a good willed person.

That’s right, if only she is able to exit the alley and call out.

The girl could have been saved.

If only it were a bit later in time, at a time where I didn’t know such a thing happened.

Not even I know what happened to my body.

It was at the time when I was pondering about how to ask the collapsed girl about what happened while walking closer to her.

My magic power that was clinging to her body and the reason for her wounds were because of the disaster in Asora.

I wanted to know. That’s for certain.

“… Tailing, ambrosia, hostile demi-humans, kill, ＃＄％＆, objective, hunt them down, mist town, Raidou, the enemy <>? Town, danger, conspirator, doubts, why did those two? （）＝～｜～＝, escape, success, Tsige, smash, kill, steal, snatch, right, fortune, Ando? Trash, foolish demi-human, night, treasure mountain, ！”＃ ravine, a tracker, strongest weapon, trump card, good-for-nothing ring RTGH, exploding light”

Suddenly, a big amount of something began to flow into me.

I was being forcefully shown a high amount of images with high volume and speed, reading aloud sentences that didn’t follow any logical connection, and the sudden letters continued like subtitles that didn’t have any sense. Sometimes, I caught on a wave of sounds that were like noise which I couldn’t catch their meaning and a richly colored stain-like pattern was mixed in.

Anyways, it made me want to puke. My head felt heavy, it stirred me heavily and even made me feel pain. To casually pour so much fragmented information without rearranging them, it made my head feel agony.

What in the world is this? The experience of someone else? Or maybe, memories?

The feeling of having a person’s memories pouring inside of me is just terrible.

But…

This was not the first time I felt like wanting to puke. Her thoughts, and the contents of the latest memories I could read. Obviously, I couldn’t remember all the memories’ information that was poured. The last thought that flowed into me. That definitely remained in my head.

I was planning to heal her first when I was getting close to her.

Just how much time did it pass? The bodily sensation of time certainly felt long, but it may not have been that long.

But well, I had already deactivated [Sakai]. The intention to heal was lost entirely.

This is not all the hyumans right? This is only her way of thinking and experiences after all.

However, they may have a lot of common points between them. Thinking like that, when I saw beautiful people, I felt a strange sensation from this world, or more like a distortion.

The view of hyumans on the demi-humans, no, the way they view anything that’s different from them. It may be an extreme case but I have seen one example of it here after all.

Anyways, this one is no good.

Wanting to vomit, disgust, and also anger. I felt a hatred that was close to being anger, on a level I haven’t felt before.

Those kind of things were revolving inside my head. The want of shouting, screaming, was filling up in my throat.

The moment she understood this was Tsige and was letting out a voice of joy…

I dragged her inside the mist. Along with all in the circumference.

For her, it must have been like all was enveloped by mist suddenly.

The sudden change of the situation made her shake her head left and right in order to confirm her surroundings.

Inside the dense mist, I approach the girl that hasn’t understood that she is in a different space.

“Who is it?!”

She must have confirmed that there was someone else from my silhouette, she shouts at the place where I was.

“You are… Raidou?!”

I didn’t answer. Because there was no need to exchange our intentions.

“I see, so you chased after me. But it is already too late. This is Tsige. You, who are cooperating with demi-humans that attack hyumans, won’t have comrades!”

“Cooperating? Ah~, in your memories that is the case huh. I don’t have any intention of explaining it, so just think whatever you want” (Makoto)

It was not definite, but I feel like I saw an image of her comrades’ circumstances and a conversation saying that the demi-humans were responsible.

I use the most fitting words in Japanese to tell her what I feel.

“What? What are you saying? Did you go crazy?”

Of course, she didn’t have the blessing of the Goddess as an intermediary, so she couldn’t understand Japanese. She must have felt uncomfortable by me who was saying words she couldn’t get.

“I am seriously disgusted by myself. I now think from the bottom my heart that I should have killed you guys when I could. But since I was at my limit with just handling myself, somewhere inside me still measured the hyumans of this world as the ones in my own” (Makoto)

“I am telling you that I don’t understand what you are saying! Talk with writing like you always do!”

I could tell that her voice was growing hysteric by the moment. She must want to hide her fear. It was the life she had finally saved after all. She must want to treasure it.

“For such a beautiful person to normally strike a conversation with someone like me, seriously, what a joke. Am I not the prime example of a man that would only be called out by a catch seller?” (Makoto)

“Raidou. Release this mist and free me. If it is now, I can still spare you. You may be incarcerated, but even if you are arrested it won’t be a death sentence immediately”

She stood up by sliding on the alley’s wall and prepares her weapon. Even though she should have seen my fighting, she still thinks that looking at the level is a believable value?

“Is that a bluff? Or are you serious? It is about you, there may be something. You are certainly more incredible compared to someone like me. You are blessed like a hero from stories” (Makoto)

I seriously thought that from the bottom of my heart.

“Even if I am injured, I am a level 96 adventurer. I won’t fall behind a merchant”

“By chance we were staying in Asora at the same time as the forest ogres, so it was in a state where they didn’t pay much attention to us, and we were lodged in a place close to the dwarfs’ disposal storage. They didn’t have that much sense of danger, so we were able to steal an equipment, even if it seemed of inferior quality. We got our hands on a damaged Draupnir and when we were discovered I ran to the mist gate that we had passed through before, and was able to push aside the pursuers with the ring that I threw and exploded by chance. Just in case, I used the tool called Clay Aegis or something like that and while being the weakest three, one of us survived. By chance, there was a wave of magic power that was similar and was able to wrench open the mist gate, which I used to return to town”

Just what kind of joke is this? Just how many miracles had to happen in order for this to happen? Will of the heavens? Or maybe unconventional luck? This is already not on that level right?

The connection I did from the scene I got, may have been a bit wrong. There is a chance that a certain percent of it may have been her own desires. And also, it is not certain that those were actually her memories. That’s right, even if I try seeing the current situation objectively, I see her luck as abnormal.

Certainly, what we did carried a big problem. Suggestion and strain.

It is at the level of a junior high school student opening a cafe at a culture festival trying to actually sell food and drinks. There are a mountain of problems. Of course, you did a lot of it mostly because you were in the festival mood, and you noticed just now, meaning, you noticed too late.

Once again I say it, these people had way too much luck. No, in the end here I am confronting them, so maybe she is unlucky? The other two seem to have already died after all.

“This is the last time, I know that this weird mist was something you made. Release it”

My right hand held the grip of the Athame and unsheathe it.

She must have understood my answer. I heard a low sound of someone gulping their breath.

I am glad I brought this dagger with me. There is no better weapon to take care of someone like this.

What I understood with the guy’s death.

The highland orcs that were accompanying these three. While they were running, these thrash did that to Tomoe’s body portion, the Arke and the guy who was close to them.

The two of them informed him of the abnormal event, told him to step back, and even with that, he, who was trying to capture those three… How foolish. He should have stepped back. Tomoe’s body portion tried to reduce the force by placing herself in the front and the barrier was destroyed along with her, and then, the Arke that was behind walked through the steps of death. And the highland orc that was there… even though it was something a highland orc would not be able to resist…

If he were not controlled by the sense of responsibility and had obediently stepped back, he could have been saved.

But his actions and the death afterwards, I don’t want to blame him for that. At least he tried in his own way to desperately take them back after all. And it is also the truth that he died while trying to do it.

That’s why, he may have been wrong, but I think his actions are worthy of respect. With the dagger that I have received from you guys, I have taken revenge for him, is what I will tell Ema and the other highland orcs. At least I hope this will help out somewhat.

With a cold and calm thinking, I thought about the things that will happen hereafter.

“This is the dagger that’s been handed down by the orc who died because of your useless struggle” (Makoto)

The girl doesn’t say anything more to the fact that I wasn’t speaking with her in writing.

While pouring jeers onto me who was getting closer, she pointed the tip of her long sword to me.

Without caring about the cries that were coming out from her mouth, the sword looked like it was waiting for me to get closer. No, maybe she plans on notifying the surroundings by letting out a loud voice. If this was Tsige, it could have been successful with her luck.

I already know that because of her body’s injuries she is not in the state where she can charge at me. She is seriously injured after all. Of course, she should know what can happen if she turns her back to me.

The distance between us slowly disappears.

It may be obvious but the one who gets the first strike is her. The range between a long sword and a dagger is different.

Her eyes told me that it was time to release the spring that was charged. Our distance was close enough to confirm our faces inside this mist.

Her aim… seems to be my throat. A thrust huh.

The point of the sword that carried all her might, makes a high-pitched sound just before reaching my face. [Sakai] barrier. It was a sound like the mutual clash of swords. Her body was also washed away like when one gets pushed back by a sword, both of her arms going upwards.

I didn’t have any hesitation.

Doing one step to the front, I hit both of the arms of her with my Athame. The dagger that was swung in reverse made a deep blue line and I disposed of both of her arms and the long sword at the same time.

There was no resistance. I didn’t feel much resistance when I did this with the black spider as well. There is no way the thin arms of this woman would prove any obstacle.

In return, a small amount of blood stuck onto me. How annoying. I kick the girl, who still hasn’t made a cry and had only begun coloring her face in fright, in the abdomen. The space between her and me once again widens.

Blown away and mixed in the mist, her silhouette screams. What is up with her?

Ah, what a pain in the ears.

Didn’t you kill as well? With that worthless sense of value of yours, thinking that hyumans are supreme. For me, Tomoe’s body portion and the orc were also in the same, no, their lives were heavier than yours.

I approach without any hurry to the shadow that was writhing in agony. It was just as I imagined me taking the life of someone. No, it was even more than that. I may be a selfish and arrogant person.

I don’t know what would happen if it had nothing to do with me. I may be a disgusting existence.

Even though I am going to murder someone who has the same form as me, I didn’t feel any sort of guilt. Only anger and killing intent. I was being spurred on by the impulse that I should do this.

“… Hii!!!”

She must have noticed my approach. She rolled over and turned, like a caterpillar that was trying to hide in the ground. From her mouth, fear was leaking out.

It would have been fine if you just squirmed there in pain and blood. Because there is no way the result would change anyways.

“Then, sayonara” (Makoto)

“Sa-SAVE ME~!!! I will do anything, any-“

There was no need to hear until the end her boring pleads.

Just like how she aimed for my throat, I also pierce my dagger at her neck. For a short while, she convulsed, from her wrist, neck and mouth, blood flowed.

Until the end, we didn’t exchange a single “conversation”.

My knees lose strength.

Maybe because I had done a murder, or it might be because I wasn’t able to stop the rampage of those three and was unable to save the orc…

I cried.





Chapter 61 - Hereafter


Tomoe is in front of me right now. Mio is also here. Shiki is also here. The dwarf elder is here. Ema is here. The Lizard captain and the Arke are here as well.

When I say Shiki, I am talking about Lich. As soon as I returned here, I gave him a fitting dog name to him who was waiting worriedly in front of the closed mist gate.

It’s not the Shiki from corpse okay? Nor Shiki from ceremony. It’s the Shiki from knowledge. <Knowledge is written Chishiki which he took the last character Shiki>

It’s already been one day since my ‘first experience’.

After that, I returned to Asora like nothing happened. As if nothing, but well, the inside of me was a complete mess though.

I cried for quite a while and I didn’t want to show them my swollen face, so it took me a bit of time to return.

And so, I thought about a lot of things. About what would happen from now on. These two days were that kind of period for me.

Well, that place which was swallowed by the mist was no doubt an Asora, but that was Tomoe’s power. Regarding that, I will confirm it later.

We were all gathered at my house. At the large room which Ema told me she planned to use as a meeting place.

By the way, one part of the room is not yet finished, or more like one part is in a completed state. I don’t really want to think about how big it would be if this were finished. I am a Japanese and a plebeian after all.

When I check the state of everyone that was around the giant table, my facial expression turned stiffer.

From the start, we were reunited here to discuss something important, so there was tension in everyone’s’ expressions, but the change in my aspect made their atmosphere turn even tenser.

“In the other day’s case, an orc as well as Tomoe’s body portion… died” (Makoto)

“…”

“We have already done a departed soul banquet and have also apologized about that case, but the number one reason lies in me. I totally took the wrong way of dealing with those three” (Makoto)

Departed soul banquet. In other words, a funeral.

It was a case where there were no traces of him left, but we did as what the orc and lizard warriors do to mourn their comrades, light a fire and do a banquet. With his death, they told me about it and we did this for the first time.

I really feel bad about the first victim happening because of my own blunder. I lowered my head uncountable times in front of his family and orcs.

Tomoe also lost her body portion and received an injury, regarding that I lowered my head as well, but she didn’t seem to take it well and had an unpleased expression. She did accept my apology though. I was also told that there was no need for me to go directly to the orcs bereaved family.

But this is my own way of closing things after all. Not because I chose it to be, it was just because of my carelessness that a life was lost.

If in the future they are forced to a fight because of the results of my own decision, at that time, I will not apologize individually.

I will have them follow me. And the dead will be mourned with the departed souls’ banquet. I have decided on that. This is for the sake of not breaking if a friend dies in the future.

“… Regarding this town’s relationship with hyumans, it was too optimistic. They are adventurers and there are some that have considerable ability. I wasn’t even seeing them as a threat and didn’t deal with them. For them, this town is a clear foreign body and we should make sure this doesn’t happen in the future” (Makoto)

I temporarily stop my words and look around, everyone was shaking their heads vertically.

“First of all, the highland orcs. Ema, I am thinking about strictly choosing the scope where the hyumans will be guided and can act. No, I will say this clearly. I want to create a separate area where we will be guiding them” (Makoto)

“Create… an area? Of course, if it is Misumi-sama’s direction we will follow, but I don’t understand the meaning too well…” (Ema)

“Okay. In simpler words, at the borders of this lands we will construct another barrier and have it isolated. I want you to create a small town there where the adventurers will be guided into” (Makoto)

“A town inside a town?” (Ema)

In other words, I want them to make a fake town and accompany the hyumans. What we need is a certain extent of materials to create a state where money is circulated in Tsige and the base. It’s not like I am seriously trying to make them have a cultural interchange with them after all.

“That’s right. And the people that will be entering it, no matter if it’s you guys, or the lizards, or dwarfs; make sure it is someone that has decent strength. I will have Tomoe bring the adventurers in, so we will have them think that is the whole mirage town” (Makoto)

Ema seems to be convinced and nods. Looks like she understood what I was trying to say. For the sake of avoiding any damage on the people that have no power, I will have people that have enough ability engage them.

“Doing that, the weak and young ones will be able to avoid the adventurers, is what you are trying to say right? Also, rotating with the ones that have ability to deal with them, no, we will be actively seeking for high levels to look after them” (Ema)

“That’s right. I think we will be diverging from the current plans, but I want to prioritize this one” (Makoto)

“No problem. There are no specific designations for the sections right?” (Ema)

“Of course, I don’t mind you doing it however you please” (Makoto)

Ema smiles as if satisfied. I am grateful for Ema, who even after she lost a comrade, she still interacts with me like always. I am truly grateful. I still don’t know in which direction the current town will be going into. The best option should be to leave it to her. Also, Tomoe can’t make a clone anytime soon after all.

“The next is about the elder dwarfs” (Makoto)

“Yes”

The elder and Beren are present.

“First of all, I have something I want to tell you guys” (Makoto)

“……”

The two of them look at me with serious eyes and wait for my words. Though, I think they already know what this is about.

“About the equipment that is supposed to be disposed in general and also about the ring. You guys are first-class craftsmen so I know that you do this perfectly. But this place also has other races coexisting. It is troubling if you do careless guarding on a place that doesn’t even have a key” (Makoto)

“We are incredibly sorry”

The elder deeply lowers his head. These guys are super high-class craftsmen. They should know just how dangerous the failed works and scrapped articles are. But without a strong impact or an inspection of sorts and since they know there is no spontaneous discharge, their way of handling things was sloppy. It felt like they treated the warehouse as a garbage can of sorts and just threw things in there.

There weren’t cases where someone would use those scrapped articles to do dangerous things after all. It is because even children dwarfs knew not to do it that the view of danger in that area was so low. Even though those things should have had as much security as masterpiece articles.

The used Draupnirs were there as well. Cracked and damaged goods were also there. It was the very definition of dangerous.

The theft of the ring affected their state of mind.

“Don’t forget that the adventurers view your weapons with that much amount of value. The things that are planned to be scrapped should be scrapped as soon as possible. The things that can’t be should be stored in a place with high security. This must be done immediately” (Makoto)

“Yes, without delay”

“Okay. After that, I want you to help Ema select the dwarfs. I will ask Elder for a report of the progress in the armor at a later time. I would like Beren to do a trip in Tsige and narrow the candidates” (Makoto)

“Understood”

The two of them answer me with strength-filled words. Their state of mind should be okay now. They will probably be able to properly manage from now on. In truth, the things that they consider garbage class weapons are also valuable in Tsige. Looking at the list of stolen goods, I understood that they shouldn’t take it easy when they do the trip. Maybe there is the option of giving the mission to a young dwarf that has a good amount of sense to go there in the guise of training. It’s probably better to just wait for Beren to put together the dwarf candidates that can go.

“Next, Mist Lizards” (Makoto)

“Yes”

The one that answers me is the Lizards’ captain. Since they are warriors, this position is the one that holds the highest authority. Being the representative means that he is the captain of the whole force. It seems that it points to someone that has a certain amount of ability and is able to look at the units as a whole and lead them.

“Right now it seems that you guys are pioneering, guarding, hunting, doing public works, construction and various other miscellaneous works. Thanks for everything” (Makoto)

“Those words are wasted on me. *The time we are given to train the whole force, we try not to be frugal with the cooperation of others*” <全体訓練の時間を頂戴している分、他の方々への協力は惜しまぬ所存です>

They are diligently cultivating the battle proficiency of their force. Because of that, it is impossible for them to help in all the works, but even with that, they use the spare time to help in a lot of areas.

“I am thinking of changing your placement a bit” (Makoto)

“Yes. As you order”

“Hereafter, we will be concentrating our eyes on the inside for a bit. The hunting and training in the outsides will become secondary. We will be reducing little by little the pioneering and guarding, as well as the public works and construction” (Makoto)

“……”

“In exchange of that, I want you to patrol the town” (Makoto)

“Patrol?”

“Simply speaking, it is a job where you follow a number of routes, look for abnormalities and deal with them. I will explain the details to Tomoe at a later time so I want you to work as the head and assign people this duty” (Makoto)

“This town has quite the scale. Isn’t it a bit difficult for only us?*” <He is speaking Tomoe style here>

Maybe it is because Tomoe’s influence easily affects the lizards, their way of speaking is stiff or more like, old. It isn’t inconvenient or anything, but the gap of being lizard faced is just…

“You are the ones that are able to use Tomoe’s network the best after all. We will have the orcs work in divisions and cooperate. The prior problems will be given to other people so it is fine to just think about patrolling as your role” (Makoto)

“Understood. We will give our all to fulfill our duty”

Just like policemen patrolling the town. I feel like 8 or 9 cases out of ten, making Tomoe the head would make arson or theft happen again, but I am also conscious of that so I am doing this while knowing.

The method I know the best to maintain public order is the Edo Period method.

The modern era’s police officers and the way they patrol should be almost the same. Probably. Let’s believe in the achievements of Edo. It is a lot better than not doing anything.

No matter who I request it to, the head count is really a problem. But this isn’t something that we will be able to resolve in the instant.

There is also the option of letting the forest ogres into Asora, but as long as my sentiments don’t accept it, I don’t know if we will be able to create a good relation. Their consciousness of me is also opaque as well.

There may be a need to recruit demi-humans and mamonos that possess intelligence.

If we bring in a race that is clearly lower in level than the current residents, we might be able to create a hierarchy of sorts and do many other things. Maybe I should try exploring the wasteland at fixed intervals.

While taking care of not accidentally making it an army.

Nodding at the lizard that lowered his head and gave his words of understanding, I look at the Arke.

“The last one is Arke right?” (Makoto)

“Waka-sama. First, let me express my gratitude. Since that time, I didn’t have the chance to meet you personally, so I was waiting for this moment”

Uwa. What incredibly fluent common language! He totally surpassed me. Yes, I won’t be hearing any opinions telling me that this wasn’t a competition to begin with.

Incredible. He perfectly learned it. But, thanking me for what? I wanted to begin with the apology but…

“Gratitude?” (Makoto)

“Yes, to thank you for saving one of my kin-de gozai masu. I heard this afterwards, but it seems that without the treatment of Waka-sama it would have been dangerous. We wanted to thank you at least once”

The Arke that was serving as a representative, placed one hand on his chest and lowered his head. The other two also imitate this.

“No, he was originally injured because of my own miss. It was a given that I would help him. Instead of thanking me, I should be the one apologizing” (Makoto)

“I thank you for your benevolence. It makes me feel glad all over again to serve Waka-sama”

Uh~ it’s no good no matter what I say huh. When I apologized to Tomoe, she also said some unreasonable things as well.

By the way, the one who is talking is a female. There are four Arkes in total, but counting the seriously injured male, there is also another one, making it 2 males and 2 females.

“Well, it is great that he is safe. So then, there are a number of things I want to ask for you Arkes. Right now, how many are able to transform into hyuman appearance?” (Makoto)

“Everyone”

They are seriously exemplar. When I am talking with her, I get the impression of a person that has excellent grades and is serious. It may even naturally create a sense of inferiority.

“I-I see. Everyone. Then the first one should be easy. This is something I told the orcs as well, but I will be creating a division separately to deal with the hyumans. I want you to shift individually and stay in that town in your hyuman form” (Makoto)

There are only four of them after all. Moreover, there is still something I want the others to do, so it would be hard to have many of them stay.

“Just one person every shift, moreover in hyuman form-desu ka?”

“That’s right. I want you to act as if you are an adventurer that is sojourned because of your skills” (Makoto)

“To act as a hyuman?”

“That’s how it is. Also, if there are any strange movements, I want you to report it. And I want you to gather information even if it isn’t useful. Even if they suspect of you, people of your class will have no problem dealing with it. We would be giving a special treatment to the ones that have surpassing skills after all” (Makoto)

“Investigating from the inside and picking out the problem before the seed appears, right? Understood, we will be staying in shifts at the town”

Great. It seems that there is no problem in the first one.

“And the other one. It’s about the pioneering you have been doing but, the need to use people in town will increase so there will be no hands circulating in that area. That’s why I want the other three that are not staying in town to report the pioneering and investigation’s scope and direction. Of course, I don’t mind if the speed decreases” (Makoto)

“Yeah, no problem. Is it okay for us to train in combat and research on black magic?”

“That’s fine. I would be happy if you get someone to learn medicine manufacturing as well, but I don’t mind you guys training and researching, feel free to do so. If there is any pressing matter, it is okay to just leave the pioneering and investigation for a later time” (Makoto)

It seems that it was an unexpected condition for them. The three Arkes look happy.

They have been coveting for knowledge lately, saying that there are a lot of things to learn. This is good. It would be nice if Mio also took interest in something as well… aside from me.

“For now, this is what I have thought. If problems appear in the way, I want you to report them. Then it is fine to go now. Excluding Tomoe, Mio and Shiki” (Makoto)

I personally tell my three followers to stay here and the others begin to leave.

Fuh~. Maybe it is because I spoke with strength, my shoulders were stiff. Tilting my head left and right and moving my shoulders up and down, I relax myself.

“Waka, you were quite… calm” (Tomoe)

“Waka-sama, good work-desu” (Mio)

“Waka-sama, you did splendid managing all those different races” (Shiki)

“Thanks” (Makoto)

I give my thanks to their complements. Though the praise of Shiki had something to do with the power bug gave me so I felt complex feelings from it.

I have to tell these three about what I have thought out. About what I think and what will happen from now on.





Chapter 62 - And so…


“Tomoe, when I came here, you were the first pact I made. But now that I think about it, the effects of the pact didn’t affect me that much” (Makoto)

“If I remember correctly, I said it wouldn’t be a bad trade” (Tomoe)

Is she playing the fool? Or does she really not remember that much?

“You guys, who have made a pact with me, lost your previous form and have increased your overall capacity, is what I am trying to say. Then, what about me?” (Makoto)

The moment I came here, I did a pact with a dragon of supreme existence that numbers in the single digits, a hated black spider that is considered a calamity and also a hyuman that turned into an undead (it clashes with my definition of one though), a lich.

Tsuki-sama assured me that my magic power is superior compared to the heroes.

The pacts didn’t affect my body negatively in any way. Only one thing that might be “like that” would be the experience I had when I used the mist gate that connected Tsige to Asora.

The influx of another person’s memories. I think that is the power of Tomoe.

Without saying anything else, I turn to the other followers that were waiting and continue speaking.

“Two days ago, I saw the memories of a person. There’s no doubt about it. Tomoe, do you know something about it?” (Makoto)

“Waka is a sinful person. I have a conclusion of sorts, do you want to hear it?” (Tomoe)

“Let me confirm. The ruling relationship, I know it changes the outward appearance and elevates the overall capabilities of the follower. But then, what does the ruler obtain? This is what I think, he obtains the special traits of his followers in its entirety” (Makoto)

I can’t explain it well. But if I am able to use Tomoe’s power, I probably can use Mio and Shiki’s power as well. I think it is impossible for a human to use the power of inhuman beings without any risks, so that price is naturally me obtaining the components of them, is what I think at least.

In short, the me right now has become something that is not human anymore, is what I am imagining but…

“Puh” (Tomoe)

“Why are you laughing Tomoe?” (Makoto)

Now you, not being human anymore, doesn’t that… have a strong impact? Honestly speaking, this is the most shocking thing since I have come to this world you know? More like, it is a case where it might become a betrayal from me you know?

If they told me, “losing your humanity, is it that big of a deal?” I would be shocked.

“Well you see, I thought that in these two days you overtook a mountain, but to think that you have made such a misunderstanding and strayed so much, I just accidentally… I am very sorry” (Tomoe)

“I originally threw away my own humanity so I can understand your sentiments, but being a human being must be a very important thing for Waka-sama. I will keep it in my heart” (Shiki)

Tomoe and Shiki take completely reverse reactions from what I expect. Mio looks like she hasn’t even understood the situation at all.

“That Waka could use my power is, well… presently, a coincidence. It should have originally appeared at a much later time after all. Waka was probably in a state where you couldn’t control your own emotions. It is embarrassing to say this, but I think that it is because a “connection” has been created between you and me” (Tomoe)

C-Connection?!

Uo! Mio’s eyes suddenly look dangerous. She is sitting. The glittering in her eyes is slowly disappearing. This is a misunderstanding, a misunderstanding okay?!

“An explanation! An explanation Tomoe! Quickly!” (Makoto)

“Hm? Oh, my wording must have been bad there. What I refer to with connection is well, the trust between us and the exchange of our emotions or something like that. By the way, for Waka, who is the ruler, to receive components from their followers is just impossible okay? That would make the relationship equivalent. We are followers, people that have pledged our loyalty. If Waka so wishes, you can even use our powers to do frauds. It is just that this powers should normally be used by only one existence. To use them you will have to get used to them first and in time you will slowly be able to use them when you gain consciousness of it. Just, there is an exception in this. Well, this exception is exactly what this case is about” (Tomoe)

The power of Tomoe and the others huh. Certainly, I haven’t felt those powers in my body even once before. The last time as well. Tomoe’s power just activated on its own without me feeling anything of the ability.

“……”

Mio’s behavior looks like it has done a questionable stop… Probably?

Did she decide to listen? Or has she come to some sort of conclusion? Please let it be the former one.

“In the case where the master is looking for a way to resolve an issue and there is a clear connection of belief between the master and follower; there is a chance that the power of the follower will manifest in a rampaged state inside the master. It can manifest just as it is or there might be a chance for the master to release it in its optimum capacity. It seems this time it was just as it is” (Tomoe)

There is no demerit, is what Tomoe added. It was a pretty harsh experience, but she is telling me that there was no demerit? Certainly, there was no consumption of magic power. It resembles the times when I use [Sakai]. There is no doubt that it uses my magic power as an intermediary though. That is the difference it has between [Sakai].

“Trust and rampage huh” (Makoto)

Does that mean I trust Tomoe to a certain level? Well, she is my first follower, the first one I made a pact with. I have approved of her in my heart. That may be the case.

Tomoe seems to be happy that I was able to manifest her power. That, honestly speaking, was incredibly unpleasant you know?! I can shake off my emotions when I can shake them off. Are you telling me that from now on there is a chance that this will activate numerous times?

When will I be able to control it consciously?

“Yeah, trust! Trust Waka. How nice, to see that you used my power first! With this, my position as the first follower will be cemented!” (Tomoe)

That part is important, is what Tomoe repeats again and again. Her face has a wholesome smile. Ah, Mio is…

“… Just by chance” (Mio)

“Hm? What is it Mio? I can’t hear you~” (Tomoe)

Tomoe, stop it.

“… This time it was just by chance that memories flowed inside him! Waka-sama is incredible, if there were a moment where he is on the verge of dying, he would have certainly activated my power and healed himself! It was just a coincidence, just by chance!! It’s just that-desu wa!” (Mio)

Don’t just go gravely injuring me! The [Sakai]’s healing doesn’t work on me you know?! I would die if I had received a grave injury like that! Ah, but if I were able to use the regeneration ability of Mio, it should be fine, right? But if it activates in an optimal state, there is a chance a different ability will be born…

This is a gamble I don’t want to do. I will make sure to have someone close that can heal me when I am injured.

“Yeah yeah, you are right-ja na, coincidence-ja na. It’s just like Mio says-ja” (Tomoe)

Face full of joy, is probably what you would call this. Mio’s one is, well… An Oni or a Hannya*. It seems that she is oozing with the drive of eating her and the mortification, but more than that, she seems to not like the attitude of Tomoe. She looked like she was almost on her way to the rape face after all. <TN: hannya>

If possible, this is the part where I want Shiki to come and stop them but… that’s impossible huh. There’s the fact that he is still a newcomer and he is pretty docile to his two senpais, or more like, he is being bullied by them. I just hope they are not doing anything bad to him.

“Fu… fufufu. You can’t even use your katana that well and you just make noise about stuff like Edo or samurai. Maybe the normal language doesn’t transmit on Tomoe-san anymore?” (Mio)

“… Hoh~. Mio, is the number two planning on picking a fight with the number one? I created a bond with Waka you know? Aren’t our status clearly on a different level?” (Tomoe)

Bond you say, that’s quite the exaggeration there.

“I-I also exchanged fists with Waka-sama at full power and have interchanged our blood, a blood bond-de ari masu!” (Mio)

Mio, that is different from a bond. By the way, you were just unilaterally sucking my blood.

“Ha… Even though you never had a chance of winning. That kind of experience, even I had one. A relationship where we agonized and fervently pierced each other! Being trampled one-sidedly, even Shiki can do that. To begin with, Mio is…”

I only attacked you with a [Brid] right?!

“We are not talking about the inflated Lich, Shiki. Carefreely saying things like bond and connections, you should learn modesty. To begin with, Tomoe is…” (Mio)

I-Inflated. How ruthless. Moreover, isn’t that something you made him do?

Hah~. They say this and that about when we met, and they say this and that about when I came to this world. In short, it ended up in the usual quarrel.

Even though the important thing I wanted to say came after… Things have gotten heated up, and it feels like it will go on for quite a while.

No choice. I should tell Shiki first… oh. Shiki seems to have received damage from the stray bullets they threw in that quarrel. He has the eyes of someone saying, “It is not like there is any worth in me anyways…”

This is something I personally think but, I feel like Lich has a lot of potential in him.

Well, for the time being…

I will shut-out the two noisy ones with [Sakai]. Umu, this is convenient.

“Let’s leave aside those two. Shiki, I have decided on which direction I should take” (Makoto)

“Uh. Is it okay for me to be the first one hearing it?” (Shiki)

H-He is so negative.

“Yeah, for me, Tomoe, Mio and Shiki; are all precious comrades and family” (Makoto)

“…” (Shiki)

Shiki looks as if he heard something unexpected. His eyes were opened wide. It is a word that is very far from the concept of our pact after all, so I can’t blame him for that. We are being tied by the ruling pact after all.

Geez, even though his appearance is that of a cool, tall and intelligent one, his eyes tell me of his lack of confidence. This is just too unbalanced.

“Depending on what happens after I return to Tsige, I will be preparing myself to head to Academy Town a few days after. I will tell you in detail about the company at a later time. I have taken an interest in the way of learning of the hyumans. I will ask everyone to take care of things regarding Tsige” (Makoto)

“Are you planning on going there alone?” (Shiki)

“No, I will be going with Shiki. Two men, let’s go calmly” (Makoto)

“W-With me?! No no, shouldn’t you go with Tomoe-dono or Mio-dono?! More like, if such a thing happens… I don’t have the confidence of remaining with all of my limbs” (Shiki)

Just how much did they threaten you Shiki?

The Shiki that is altered and panicked is funny, but he is definitely not joking around. Those two… there is a need to train them in the ways of treating a junior. Let’s put their tails between their legs in two days.

“We will be meeting at Asora anyways. Then it would be more efficient if I and Tomoe act independently. Tomoe and I are the only ones that can open the gate after all. Also, Tomoe’s modus operandi is that of making problems and then entering a reflection time. Shiki, you look like you were a researcher, so I feel like you can get into the trends and create counter-measures. Moreover, you were a hyuman, so I feel like you have more common sense than them” (Makoto)

When I enter the half of what I was saying, I lower my tone.

It was also like that when I fought with Mio. With the Forest Ogres as well.

Moreover, both Tomoe and Mio destroyed a whole base.

“It looks like Waka-sama is going through a lot huh” (Shiki)

“Well, yeah. You also have to prepare yourself Shiki, the future will be tough” (Makoto)

“…”

“In the end, I want you to be able to stop those two’s quarrel in one blow” (Makoto)

It is already in a level where one can’t tell if they are actually communicating. Neither of them have raised their hands. Maybe there is a rule where the first one that attacks loses? Well, there won’t be anyone injured so it is good.

“… Waka-sama, undead can die too you know?” (Shiki)

‘Oi you, what are you saying?’ is what Lich’s eyes told me with a serious face.

“You have healing magic so you should be fine right?” (Makoto)

“I will be rained with a combo of million bullets and get overkilled. There is no point in healing. I can’t do it. Impossible. I will die” (Shiki)

Shiki appeals to me with tearful eyes. If he received so much damage with just a stray bullet, it will be hard for him to oppose them huh.

“But I plan on having Shiki tell them about the individual mobilization though” (Makoto)

“??!!” (Shiki)

“I want those two to head north of Tsige, in the direction of the sea. There is no doubt that Tomoe will begin talking about marine products or whatever in a not so distant future anyways. Thinking about the kidnappings of the adventurers in the wasteland and the connection between the Rembrandt Company, I feel like having Tomoe in the outskirts of Tsige is more convenient” (Makoto)

She is unexpectedly good at negotiations even with how she is after all. She is a skillful one, much like a general that has all A’s in her abilities.

“I-Isn’t it fine to bring Mio with us?” (Shiki)

“Mio huh. If I had to say, I really do want to bring her with me. But I thought that having only Tomoe carry all those jobs is way too pitiful. We will be able to see each other weekly, so in this case, I want her to learn to be far from me” (Makoto)

Shiki, why are you making a face like it is the end of the world? I don’t think that Mio will be able to do everything skillfully like Tomoe, but I want her to learn and be able to do a lot of things.

“Wa-Waka-sama” (Shiki)

“Ah, also, no calling me Waka-sama when we arrive at Academy Town. Call me Raidou please” (Makoto)

“Please… is it really true that I will be telling them all this?” (Shiki)

“Of course. I have to go to Tsige now and talk with Rembrandt-san. We went through all the trouble of having him lend us an area after all, to suddenly have the master disappear, that’s just too impolite. I want to at least do my greetings properly” (Makoto)

“To think that this is the first thing I will do with this new life I was given… I may not be able to return from this…” (Shiki)

I decide on ignoring his monologue. Now that I remember, Lich said something about him being a high-undead that has an element close to that of spirits. Like darkness, fire; he has control of numerous elements or so I think he said.

I can’t imagine it though. In the spirit part as well. It is totally outside the definition I have. The only thing I got right about him, seems to be the part that if his magic power dries up, he would disappear completely.

“Then, I am counting on you. I will be going now” (Makoto)

—-

And so…

I decided on heading to Academy Town.

I also had the objective of beginning to seriously mobilize my company. I also think that there is a chance to find information about my parents in a place where knowledge gathers.

But my true objective is different.

What triggered me to do this as soon as possible, were the memories of the woman I killed.

This world is being managed by that Goddess, so I thought that it was obvious this world is strange. But now, that pretext just won’t suffice anymore. I want to know. About this world, about the hyumans, the religious view they take on the Goddess, their teachings, the demi-humans, the demon race, Graunts, about the other worlds.

That’s why, even in this state where the business I have in Asora and Tsige are incomplete, I still decided to depart.

Luckily, or more like strangely, Rembrandt-san had his eyes wide open and a face of surprise but he almost immediately supported my decision. Even though I went to his residence with the intention of learning a lot from my great senpai. This was something I would normally never do, but it ended pretty anti-climatically.

I feel like they have prepared some sort of trap, but I don’t think that I can get the information out of an experienced person like him or his butler. And the search and examination [Sakai] can’t read minds, so it is pointless.

For some reason, he even readied application related documents for Academy Town, they must have some kind of plan of their own somewhere. Even if I have experience in killing someone, I still believe in them to a certain extent. Because I saw his face when his family had fallen ill from the curse disease. I think that these people are different.

Receiving the documents of Academy Town from Rembrandt-san and his recommendation note, I lowered my head. I didn’t think he would even write a recommendation. I thought he was only an influential merchant in the remote Tsige, but he may be someone more important than I thought.

With my feelings of gratitude included, I finally take off my mask in front of the two of them. It’s something I was already prepared for. It was something I put on myself because of the circumstances anyways.

Their first time seeing my face, as expected, it must enter in the category of pretty badly molded in their perspective, they looked at me with pitiful eyes. But I could only smile wryly at this. Because for me, all of you are the weird ones.

They told me that “People will get used to it in time so don’t worry” and other plain cruel things as well. Even so, it may be because his resistance had already increased when his family changed their appearance, Rembrandt-san interacted with me in a pretty normal fashion.

In the end, he didn’t let me meet his wife and daughter, but it still progressed smoothly.

I was able to leave the Rembrandt residence with peace of mind. I really have to give my thanks to him. In time, I should put priority in him when I plan on circulating Asora’s articles for real.

Only thing left now is Asora. Or more like, Tomoe and Mio.

After I left, it seems that Shiki told them and, as expected (Sorry Shiki), it became quite rough.

Shiki turned pretty groggy. It was to the point that I felt like his body was transparent and I could see something coming out from his mouth.

The things that I have drawn closer to, the things I have been thinking and what I want; I talk about those in an orderly and through manner. The two of them seemed to be a bit reluctant but accepted in the end. The envious gazes that were send to Shiki every now and then were something that, well, couldn’t be helped.

It wasn’t a farewell gift or anything, but I decided to give them a task. It’s something they have asked before, but since I didn’t know the answer at that time, I had postponed it until now.

It may not be the correct answer, but I still told them my thoughts about it.

For Tomoe, it’s about the katana. Or more like, about the art of the sword. Of course, I am an amateur in this area. If it’s about Iai, I have a little experience from the time a friend taught me, but it’s not in a practical level. To be honest, it was at a level where my left hand couldn’t even handle the strain, a complete amateur. I haven’t cut a straw post before either.

Even so, I tried to look up that kind of information in my head and I was able to remember one of the basics in the sword art. It’s something really unexpected for me. Tomoe says that she will be using the katana in the future, so this should serve as reference.

I talk about the grip. A grip used when wielding a Katana, or so it seems. I was told that without training in this properly, all of the movements you do with the sword will not be practical. It seemed to be a tradition of sorts, but there is actually a hidden meaning behind it, is the only thing I was told, so I feel a bit apologetic to Tomoe. That’s why one should train in the grip first. Try something that is longer and heavier than the one you use, is what I recommended her.

When I find the opportunity, I should look at my own memories to confirm once more the training and my sensei’s words. Taking out the parts where I am told “no talent” and “thrash”, just how much will be left I wonder?

For Mio, it’s about black magic. This girl wanted to ask a lot about guns, but it seems that she understood the sentiments I have about them, so she is trying to reproduce them with black magic without asking me questions about it. Just how much do you love guns?

But for Mio, who could reproduce a small bullet in a short amount of time, was being troubled by the lack of piercing power. I also thought that with that shape it would pierce if it were shot with high speed, so I was troubled when she asked me for advice. With its shape it looked like it could go through, but the darkness element is originally used for direct attacks so it is more suited for impacts. I don’t know any detailed information of it yet.

I don’t know much about guns in my previous world. I have read mangas with pretty well made settings, but the parts that I skimmed through were so many that I am all question marks. In the end, I resolved it with the words of sensei and its appearance. I think this advice is sounder than Tomoe’s one.

That is the rotation. If I remember correctly, when the bullet passes through the gun barrel, it gives it rotation, accuracy, piercing ability, and raw power. Sensei told me the theory of it in detail, but honestly, I only liked the bow and it wasn’t like I was interested in the gun that is a long ranged weapon as well, so I just let it pass from one ear to the other.

Well, it must be like a drill or something. I don’t know why the accuracy would increase from that and I don’t think there is a need to know. The bow is the same after all.

That’s why I tried teaching Mio about rotation.

Let’s leave aside if this is actually worthy of calling it a task. The two of them seemed to be happy so that’s good.

I also told them about the fact that I view them like family, and I don’t know if they want to, but I want to give them the family name Misumi. Right now they are only Tomoe, Mio and Shiki after all.

But I didn’t know how to say it. And it was incredibly embarrassing, so in the end, I couldn’t say it. I am thoroughly useless huh.

“Father, mother. I still don’t know anything about both of you, but I plan on moving at my own pace. That’s fine right?” (Makoto)

On a deserted hill at Asora, I do a monologue. Were there changes in Asora when I made the pact with Shiki? I feel like numerous hills and mountains have been created. As usual, they are all in faraway places so it’s fine, but if they were close, it would have been an earthquake.

I was on top of one of them. In a place pretty far away from town, I came alone. The evening sky of Asora is red. It’s the time when the cold descends as if coming down from the sky. I was sitting and my butt was beginning to get cold.

In my left hand, I had my parent’s portrait. The size of the paper was around A5, probably. I don’t know the exact size of it. My mom and dad were drawn in different papers. The drawing I asked Rinon to make was now completed.

There wasn’t anyone in Asora that could draw well after all. I don’t know what to think about her being the best one drawing. Though, I didn’t want to ask a kid to draw me a portrait.

“…”

There is one other thing I remembered. No, it is more like, faced.

On my right hand that was facing upwards there was an image floating like a hologram. A single picture that is in my memories.

In there, one could see the gentle expressions of everyone. In a place where there are no fights for your life, where there was practically no scent of danger.

A picture of a gathering with the archery club members.

In that group, there is one person in the central part, I look at one of the higher ups.

“… I am sorry for disappearing after running away. I… finally killed a person. I cried, but it wasn’t because I was sad. And then, I remembered the two of you so clearly…” (Makoto)

The words that didn’t stop, poured out from my mouth.

The first thing I thought of was my family, then the bow, and after putting everything else aside as if it was okay to do so, I came to this world. Now that I think about it, there were a lot of regrets still left in that world.

About the two girls… there is no way leaving it like that is fine.

“Everything I do is so half-assed. Remembering, forgetting. It makes me understand that I am truly the worst” (Makoto)

If I were able to dedicate my all to one thing, if I were able to advance while dedicating myself to the bow alone, just how comfortable would that be. I, who was uncertain the more I moved forward, thought that, as expected, I was a mere average person that could only use the bow.

“Hey, Higashi, Hasegawa. Even with that, I thought of trying my best. I will at least, for the two of you that grew to like me, will try my best to not become a man that would disillusion you. That’s why, if I am able to return someday, if possible…” (Makoto)

Even so, I killed a person. In the future it will be impossible not to kill anyone else.

If possible…

The words after that… I couldn’t say them.

To understand.

Right now, I should begin from that.

What I should do, I will decide after accomplishing this. Until then, like I would care for the war between the demon race and the hyumans. There is no need to decide everything now. Is it the Goddess, or the hyumans, demons, or demi-humans?

I sink my head as if crouching, and harden my resolve of departing.

Academy Town, Rotsgard. From the map I saw, it is close to the central part of the continent. A land that surpasses the scope of a small country. From what I heard in Tsige that is at the southwest part, even though it is a town that is focused on research and studies, it is also at a place close to the war between the demon race.

That is the place I will be heading to next.





Chapter 63 - Gossip – TM Boot camp ~ the elegy of the forest ogres ~


In the outskirts of Mirage Town.

There, one could see warriors with brown skin and red eyes lined up. 15 in total.

Every one of them possessed good amounts of battle experience, and in their eyes one could see the pride they had in their own abilities. In short, they were full of confidence.

The 15 elites were the forest ogres that the village had selected to send to the Mirage Town in sign of their cooperation with Makoto, or Raidou which he is known for. In that group, one could see Akua and Eris who were the ones that Makoto was fed up with. Makoto’s follower, Tomoe, reformed the barrier and the need for strong combat force was lost, so the personal selection was done without any restraints.

The forest ogres that were invited for a preview of the area were surprised by the environment of Asora and were singing praises to it. The selected people were allowed to reside in the forests and have autonomy. The forests that were not included in that are still in consideration of who should manage it.

Today is the first day of the already announced combat training. There was still time before it began, but since everyone was already there, they were just waiting for the three who would be overseeing them.

The three of them refer to Raidou, Tomoe and Mio. The strongest three of the Mirage Town. They seriously thought that they were just coming to oversee them and were thinking “Don’t get surprised by our training”. In a sense, they were a blissful bunch.

“Oh~, as expected of a personally selected group. You are all gathered already”

The first one to call out the lined up group was Tomoe. A girl that has blue hair and wears Japanese clothing that has never been seen before in this world. Of course, no one knew that this clothing is a samurai’s clothing. It just struck as eccentric.

“… Looking after small fry just doesn’t give me the drive”

The bad tempered one, who one would have to wonder if she had low blood pressure, is Mio. Having black hair and wearing a different type of Japanese clothing. This one would be classified as a kimono. At simple glance, it doesn’t look like the type that one could move properly in. Her appearance isn’t that of someone accompanying in training.

“Why was there a need for me to come as well? I feel like Shiki would have been fine though”

The one who looked like he was filled with dissatisfaction is the person that possesses the highest authority in this land, Makoto. He looked like he wanted to quickly go back. He felt like he was being restraint from going to Academy Town and was dragged in a useless event. He was questioning himself about why he is here and so early in the morning.

Leaving aside Tomoe, the other two didn’t seem like they had any motivation at all. The expressions of the forest ogres warped equally.

“So you have come. I don’t like that there are people without motivation but, is it okay to think that you have just come here today to look at our independent training right?”

The representative male forest ogre confirms with the three people that had just arrived. Taking into account that the forest ogres are on the slim side, this man’s physique was concentrated in the muscles and one could see fearlessness from his face. There was no need to say, this man is the one they call Shishou or pervert.

“Nope, that will be suspended-ja” (Tomoe)

“… What did you say?” (Pervert)

Hearing the nonchalant words of negation from Tomoe, the pervert doesn’t hide his displeasure and responds.

“You are as energetic as always huh. If I remember correctly… you are Mondo right? Even though your name is first-class, you are quite the pitiful one” (Tomoe)

“Are you trying to pick a fight, Dragon onee-san?” (Pervert)

“By no means. Today we are changing plans. I was thinking of having you guys show us your abilities you see. If you pass a certain threshold, the ones that succeed will be able to move to the village and be depended upon, but if you are unable to, we will have to train you” (Tomoe)

Tomoe gives out a sound-looking reason. But her face is grinning. Just as Mondo said, one could only see her as picking a fight.

“Are you saying that you are dissatisfied with us?” (Mondo)

“… Mondo, I think this is something you would all be looking forward to though? From now on, you guys will be dividing in teams and have you fight us. For that reason I went through all the trouble of making time for Makoto-sama and Mio to come after all-ja” (Tomoe)

“… Heh~” (Mondo)

Mondo makes a mocking face. For Tomoe, he isn’t a dangerous threat so there was no point on making such coercing filled eyes though.

“It is fine to make teams of five. In any case, Mondo and his two disciples will be in the same team right? I am thinking of having you guys fight Waka” (Tomoe)

“That is… fine! We were also wondering ourselves, just how strong is Makoto-sama” (Mondo)

“I see, I see. Now, the next thing is a criterion” (Tomoe)

Tomoe continues to explain with a beaming smile. She didn’t pay much attention to their tone and the abusive language that was pouring out of them. If there was a need to say anything, it would be that Mio was silently hiding her lips with her folding fan. There was no change in Makoto at all. “I wish this ends soon…” is what his eyes were saying.

“Criterion? There should be no problems if we just bring you down right?” (Mondo)

“Of course-ja. If you guys are able to beat us, you will be approved without any complains. To be specific, the teams that are able to bend the knees of me or Mio or are able to crumble our stance is enough. Regarding Makoto-sama… you will pass if just one attack gets in. If you are unable to do so, you will have to follow the afternoon training menu okay?” (Tomoe)

Tomoe’s words were small whispers, but they spread out widely like ripples.

“Understood. Understood but, you have seriously taken us for fools. We will soon divide the people. Don’t regret it” (Mondo)

“You guys as well, go all out so there are no regrets okay? The exam time will be from now till noon. Rule is anything goes. However, we will not do any fatal attacks and the injuries that you receive will be properly treated so don’t worry” (Tomoe)

Then, go prepare yourself.

Saying that, Tomoe waves her hand to shake the forest ogres. A gesture that could be taken as “go away”.

“Tomoe~ are you serious when you said it will be from now till noon? Moreover, what is with that about only one attack? Aren’t you putting the hurdle too high for me?” (Makoto)

“Waka, forest ogres are a bit weak in the brain. Must be because they have a rash rationale. They are instinctive and don’t understand the strong ones. They have been influenced by the hyumans in a bad way. Well, no worries. It seems that these guys are slowly forgetting the fact that they can’t freely leave, that they can’t escape. Teaching them where they stand will serve for us in the future and it will also help us advance the training smoothly. Please, I ask for your cooperation. There is no need for you to attend the boot camp that will take place in the afternoon so” (Tomoe)

It seems there was not a single trace of her thinking that they would be able to land a hit on him.

“B-Boot camp you say. Did you extract another weird memory again? Well, I won’t be able to come here that often so I will cooperate in as much as I can while I am here” (Makoto)

“Why do I have to stay in the afternoon as well-desu no? I want to be together with Waka-sama-desu” (Mio)

“Mio, it’s because if you are here with me, they will fall into deeper despair. No matter if it was useless, they still tried to hurt Waka you know? Accompany me even if for the sake of making disciplining them” (Tomoe)

“Now that you mention it… I haven’t punished them huh. If it’s that…” (Mio)

Mio withdraws with Tomoe’s words. She didn’t notice the evil intents of the forest ogres in the beginning. After that, she heard what they were planning to do to Makoto, so she didn’t hold any favorable impressions of them. Well she herself gave in, so her thought process was that if they are useful there is no helping it. Makoto also said that he won’t be bringing Tomoe or Mio with him to Academy Town anyways, so she seemed to be slightly putting up with Tomoe’s request.

“Then, to an extent where they won’t die, I will have them reborn with my new body clone’s training menu. Kufufufufu~~” (Tomoe)

With the first generation clone destroyed, Tomoe poured her strength into a new clone that would work as the new manager of Asora. As a result, the second body became that of a small girl with high combat ability. Moreover, even when she is a clone that was created from her own strength, she has a dangerous-looking crimson ring as her core, and there are shady rumors that this second generation secretly battles with Mio. Tomoe was shivering with expectations at the training that will unfold tomorrow.

Even though they showed a hostile attitude to him, Makoto still felt pity on the forest ogres.

—-

The results of the fights were terrible.

For the forest ogres this was most likely the first time they have experienced such a crushing defeat.

Mondo may be a brainless idiot, but he isn’t incompetent in battle. Before the battle, he confirmed with Tomoe and got the approval of her not saying a single word in their training any more if only one team is able to pass. He did neglect the most important point, but this could be taken as Tomoe’s ability with words and her skills with provocations.

Of course, Mondo sent out the weakest group out against Tomoe and the next 5 against Mio. Then sent out the strongest 5 against Makoto. Taking into account his internal ranking of them, his actions were not that much of a surprise. In first place, he doesn’t know that it was Makoto’s magic power that caused the accident (or so they told him) which occurred while Mondo was touring Asora.

Even though they were given quite the amount of time after the sun was in the middle of the sky, the time it took to fight against Tomoe and Mio didn’t even give the chance for the sun to rise that high.

Tomoe didn’t even unsheathe her sword. Using an anguish mist, all of them fell down foaming and were driven unable to fight in just 15 minutes. There wasn’t even the chance to show their individual abilities or their teamwork. The agonizing screams were becoming faint and when it turned silent, she released it. That’s the only thing that happened. After that, Tomoe took out some documents in one hand and began pondering about how to make the katana’s scabbard and guard design. This was cruel.

In Mio’s case, as soon as the fight began one of them threw a spell, but without trying to evade, Mio took it on with her body. As if nothing happened, she captured the four people that were trying to attack her from the ground with the spell’s timing and the magic caster with threads. To the bunch that looked like bugs caught in the web of a spider, they could only let themselves be drained of their energy and be done for. Even when noon came, out of the five, the strongest one was the only one who could move, but his movements could only be compared to the motions of a newborn deer. Moreover, Mio didn’t even move a centimeter. After everyone lost their consciousness, she went to look for a random rock and sat down. She was only confirming the state of the make-up she recently learned. This was also cruel.

Then, if we talk about Makoto…

He was confronting the five elites that didn’t hide their killing intent while thinking of a way to dispose of them. But Mondo came out with a proposal. To try connecting one hit. Since they don’t know how strong he is, they didn’t know how much they had to hold back so Mondo went to the front and told Makoto to try hitting once.

Makoto began liking a bit this loveable idiot. He would surely be one of those guys in stories that shout in surprise “WHaT?!” or “How in the nine hells?!” is what Makoto thought while making a wry smile. Because even without Mondo stating such a condition like “hitting once” he would have proposed it himself.

That’s why Makoto released an attack at Mondo, whose face said to hit there. Seeing Mondo flying to neverland, the others stood stunned. The remaining four were dumbfounded, unable to even pursuit him and could only look at the place where their master had flown, only after a while they returned to their senses and ran to the place they guess he landed, but as expected, the weak-looking Mondo had his eyes rolled after being blown off.

“Truly a big mouth…” (Makoto)

The words that Makoto whispered were heard by no one and just flowed. After a while of doing nothing but look at the clouds, the forest ogres returned. They were most likely doing treatment. For now it seemed like Mondo was okay.

After that, they for some reason slandered Makoto as underhanded and began their attack. Makoto only made a barrier covering all directions, coupled it with [Sakai] and then left them alone. Even when they did attacks in all directions or concentrated their attacks in one spot, it felt like there was no effect at all. Magic, swords, arrows; everything was easily repelled. For the forest ogres, it felt like they were doing continuous attacks on an unbreakable rock.

In a case where he might as well just defeat them, he just left them to exhaust themselves and after constant offensive, noon arrived and they were all dried. In that time, Tomoe saw that Makoto was growing restless, so she took a bow and left it at his side. After five shots, everyone was unable to even stand on their knees. They didn’t have the strength to stand and their breathing was rough. After Makoto asks Tomoe if it is fine with this, he left just like that.

The ones left were the 15 forest ogres that even with their wounds healed, were destroyed from the root. There was no trace left of the attitude they had when they came here. Tomoe nods at the expected situation.

“Now, as all of you have failed, you will have to take my training” (Tomoe)

“… Understood”

The response that was returned had a sense of hidden meaning mixed in. What was mixed in was fatigue, but there was also opposition. Nevertheless, Tomoe just laughed.

“Tomoe, aren’t you letting them get a bit ahead of themselves? If so, wouldn’t it be better to leave them in that mist of yours for half a day and make them learn their own position? It could even make them more motivated” (Mio)

Hearing the words of Mio, the forest ogres that fought Tomoe paled and held their heads. They foamed with only 15 minutes. If they were left for half a day, their soul could be destroyed. In this area, the ones that had their mind broken the most are probably them.

“Now now, Mio. Don’t bully them. Let’s leave that as a punishment game for the people that don’t show good results” (Tomoe)

“People like this that take our attacks so amusingly, are they really of any use? In Waka-sama’s case, they were even let to attack all the time and they still ended up like that” (Mio)

“They have enough quality-ja. If we train them from zero, we can make them useful” (Tomoe)

“Even in Asora, they could be counted as the lowest of the lowest though” (Mio)

Not knowing what Tomoe was expecting from them, Mio tilts her head. It is of course but, there was no shred of consideration for the forest ogres in their words.

“I won’t deny that. They are like kids that think they only have good qualities-ja. Waka also seemed to have taken that in mind when dealing with them” (Tomoe)

“… Instead of punishment, it feels like it will turn into nursing in the middle of it-desu wa” (Mio)

Yareyare. Being sure that in the future it will turn out this way, Mio worried about what will happen from now on. To a person that will soon break if they are bullied a bit, she felt like it would built up stress instead.

No matter what they said, the forest ogres that lost completely had no right to object. They followed the training menu just as Tomoe ordered.

The training that continued till evening was harsh for Mondo and the others that couldn’t slack off even a bit because of the supervision of Tomoe and Mio, but there were a lot of areas that took in account the limits of their bodies and the forest ogres felt doubts from it. From tomorrow on, there are no scheduled trainings. They will just be in the forest waiting for time to pass. Just what was Tomoe expecting from this? Is what they thought but didn’t say out loud.

“Okay, that’s all for today!” (Tomoe)

With Tomoe’s words, a number of them felt relieved for not being basked in the anguish mist. But the real hell began after this.

Tomoe declared without any glossing to the 15 that had grouped and lined up.

“Then, tomorrow it will be all day long. Prepare yourselves” (Tomoe)

Is what she said.

“?!! Don’t mess with us! The next training observation should be in the next 15 days!” (Mondo)

Mondo fearlessly throws out words of objection to Tomoe. Because her words went against the agreement of letting them do independent training and having them inspect every now and then.

“What are you saying? Didn’t I say in the beginning that such a thing is a no go?” (Tomoe)

“That is…! Wasn’t it so we wouldn’t stop you even when you are not only watching?”

“Such a thing is just your own reasoning. By the way, I also said that I looked at ability. If you guys were below the standard, I would have you take the training, is what I said” (Tomoe)

“Right now, at this instant, that training is over right?!” (Mondo)

“… Forest ogres are truly stupid huh. I did say we would begin training at evening, but I don’t remember saying “when” it would be over. By the way, from my plans, the shortest it will take will be at least one month” (Tomoe)

One month is the shortest. Those words made a number of forest ogres crumble in place. To be supervised by a person in a whole different magnitude and not knowing what kind of training they will be given, it’s the same as being tortured. They thoroughly refused such a thing. But they couldn’t refuse by force. Their only way left was to escape.

“The one saying sophistry is you! Isn’t it obvious that the training should end the same day it is done?!” (Mondo)

“Yeah, I don’t care if its sophistry. The weak ones’ truth and reasoning can’t compare to the reasoning of the strong ones” (Tomoe)

Mondo’s words were becoming bitter. Even if he does his best, he already understood that with how those two are, the training wouldn’t end just with what they had done today. Mondo knew for sure that even if the 15 of them tried to attack those two while they are drunk or sleeping, they would still be utterly defeated. On the contrary, they might even “mess up” holding back and kill them in the process. Their body and mind understood that the two, blue and black women, were the absolute strongest. And that they can’t even put a single finger on Makoto. They attacked for many hours and were still unable to destroy his barrier after all. Even when he could have defeated them anytime he wanted. They understood that for Makoto, they were only children he was playing around with.

“Ara ara, before the fight you even had the galls of saying something about “if we complete one of those conditions” but now you are clinging to such petty things. I won’t say any complicated stuff but, do you think the weak have any right to choose against the strong?” (Mio)

“……”

Akua and Eris were pretty docile. They couldn’t even be opponents of Makoto, and after the training they were spoken ill of a lot. Moreover, because they repeatedly felt like they could almost succeed, but fail, their state of mind and body was in shambles. Honestly, those girls and the other two that fought against Makoto already felt like instead of worrying about tomorrow’s plan, they just wanted to go back and sleep. The remaining 10 were totally discouraged. The ones that literally couldn’t think about anything are the five that fought Tomoe. The ones that were already thinking about escaping were the ones that fought Mio.

Tomoe leaves the snapping Mondo for now, and looks at the other members.

“What a truly easy to understand bunch. You guys are tired with only this level of menu. Half of you are probably thinking of escaping huh” (Tomoe)

“?!”

“But… think about it with that lacking brain of yours. Where are we? How did you guys get here? Don’t tell me you guys thought this place is in the vicinity of your village right? You guys are naïve, way too naïve” (Tomoe)

“… What do you mean?” (Mondo)

Mondo’s wringed out voice. He also had the thoughts of escaping in a corner of his mind. Instead of being harsh, it was more like the fear of a death probably happening.

“There’s no other way of saying it. This is inside a special barrier that was created by Waka. It is on a completely different level from the barrier that Waka created a few moments ago. If you want to slip out and escape… you need to have enough power to destroy Waka’s barrier with a single fingertip” (Tomoe)

Her words were full of lies. There are way too many properties in Asora that they still don’t know about. Of course, there was no chance for the forest ogres to return by land, so being impossible is still the truth.

“With a finger? No way, that’s just crazy”

Since they couldn’t even destroy the simple barrier of Makoto, the forest ogres were in a hopeless situation. Akua and Eris were dumbfounded when they learned that barrier was a simple spell. “Now that I think about it, he didn’t even chant an aria” is what they finally thought of.

“Did you understand your situation now? There is nowhere for you to run. And while at that, the forest ogre village is also at the mercy of my hands. The moment you ended up lower than the standards, all your escape routes ceased to exist in this world. If your execution is bad, I don’t care about what happens to your village you know?” (Tomoe)

Tomoe says over and over that she is the law and threatens them.

“Well, you won’t die so, you would just return to your village as crapped goods huh. Or maybe you will successfully become worthy. If you have the spirit, then show it” (Mio)

Mio continues after Tomoe. Those words were what Tomoe told her to say and had memorized before the training. She was asked to act as a demonic instructor and she accepted. Mio wasn’t able to go with Makoto to Academy Town, so she had free time anyways. Then why not watch their training? Is what she thought.

Tomoe’s threatening and Mio’s blasting. Both of them were only fanning their true motives. It is fine if they reach to a decision by tonight and show results, so Tomoe didn’t care that they are currently pathetic.

More like, since she has grasped the approximate ability of them, the true training will officially begin tomorrow. It’s a training style taken from the world in Makoto’s memories, one that uses both misunderstandings and distortions.

Tomoe named it exactly as how the information in the data she scooped out said, boot camp. She planned it in her mind and she used Makoto’s memories as reference so she took the letters T (of Tomoe) and M (of Makoto), and made it TM boot camp.

“Ku fu, with this the future plans of selling medicines has advanced one step forward. This ingenious idea that will spread the name of our company and will even allow us to collect information. I have obtained one seed that will surprise Makoto-sama” (Tomoe)

Tomoe whispers in a rather low tone. Even if Mio could hear the contents of what Tomoe said, she couldn’t comprehend much anyways, so she only watched the forest ogres return tottering. That she didn’t lend a helping hand was truly like Mio.

“The customer is god!”

“I will thoroughly calculate the profits!”

“Please do patronize the medicine selling of Kuzunoha Company!”

“When you are in trouble I will be there to help!”

Are the numerous words the forest ogres shouted while they worked hard in their training. Their training form could be seen in the outskirts in the next day. Also the shrieks and shouts were mixed in.

Your voice is too low, your smile is too tepid, your self-awareness is not enough, weak, you’re not fun. At times they would be faced with violence for an unreasonable pretext while doing physical training, combat techniques, stealth mobilization, and information gathering. They also pushed into their minds and body the information of hyumans.

Tomoe’s boot camp that brainwashes through fear continues even at present.





Chapter 64 - Gossip – Limia’s Hero 2


Level 188. Hero.

That is the current Otonashi Hibiki’s record. The world should know, is what the king thought. The hero that descended on Limia participated in the mid-scaled wars against the demon race that occurred in the kingdom and the countries in its vicinity.

In reality, moving from one country to the other takes a big amount of time.

Using the magic tool for teleportation that has been provided by the kingdom and the teleporting formation that has been permitted to use indefinitely by both the merchant and adventurer guild, they have been able to provide a VIP class transportation method in order to create an impossible schedule.

The girl who thought the demon race were monsters was surprised at first when she saw they had blue skin and an outward appearance extremely close to that of a human. At first she hesitated in fighting against them, but after a number of fights and seeing the deaths of her comrade soldiers as well as the enemy soldiers, she began accepting the constant fight to take one another’s life.

Demonic beasts that could understand human speech, demon race, and also hyumans.

In her current sense of value they are all on the same level and that principle has still not changed. That she was able to cope with this brutality that would normally conflict with her ideologies and faith is because she came to a conclusion of her own.

That she went to the various countries and reached that conclusion was also the aim of the kingdom. Because there is no room to indulge yourself sightseeing in a country that is in the frontlines of war.

Above all, the companions that fight at her side are important. Inside all the noise, the importance of their life is clearly heavier than that of a stranger. If these were companions that followed you in your journey, more the case.

If you participate in war and repeat battles over and over…

The thing that gets etched the most in a soldier when they participate in war is not determination, but the thirst of surviving the battle along with your companions that you leave your back to.

And so, now…

Hibiki is in the royal castle. She had just fought through a harsh battle.

It was not against the demon race, but she was unexpectedly injured. She returned to the castle to treat her wound and was now in the middle of recovering.

Her party companions were also thoroughly injured and were receiving treatment in a separate room. It’s what you would call, an annihilated state.

For now they managed to teleport back, but this would not just stop at a normal commotion. The hero and her party have returned in a worn-out state and looked like they would fall over at any moment, so there is no surprise.

“Kyun~”

A worried voice came out from the silver belt sacred treasure that is wrapped around her waist.

It’s the guardian beast that resides in the silver belt, Silver Wolf. Just like the girl, he was also injured in this fight and had returned inside the belt to recover.

“I am okay. You should also rest at ease and heal your body. Even if you can heal your wounds with magic, it doesn’t mean that your stamina will return as well after all”

Is what Hibiki said. It’s a rest for the sake of restoring stamina, magic power and also heal the fatigue. Luckily, this time’s annihilation didn’t have any member who received a fatal injury.

Counting her companion wolf.

However, the girl was thinking about the base.

(In our plans I would be able to fight one of the demon race’s shogun in three months’ time. I thought that would be my first…)

Her first refers to a defeat, or a narrow victory that is close to a defeat. Hibiki, who is respected as a hero and has ability to coupled with it, has soon received a hard fight.

In more specific terms, she was frustrated. This kind of feeling, she hasn’t told even her party members.

(Even Naval’s speed couldn’t oppose it)

Naval, as type, is similar to Hibiki’s. She is a swordswoman that uses her speed as main weapon. Pushed by her hate for the demon race, she only stood at the battlefield because of revenge. But while falling in conflicts with Hibiki, she has now become a party companion that stands at the frontlines with her.

In terms of speed she surpasses Hibiki. She uses attack-and-retreat as well as combo attacks to overwhelm her opponents, a person brimming with wisdom. Her age and stature are close to Hibiki’s. Having a, close to white, ash blonde hair coupled with Hibiki’s combination makes her stand out a lot in the battlefield.

(Bredda-kun’s protection was also destroyed)

Bredda’s ability was that of a main field knight. Originally, his ability was not that of someone that could be placed in the party of a hero. But because of a secret privilege the Kingdom provided, he was forcefully made to accompany them. The party doesn’t know that he is royalty and that he is the rightful successor of the throne.

But he is not incompetent. After joining this party, he decided his position and devoted himself to improve. As a result, he now shouldered an important role in the party.

His specialty is defense. At times he would cut out the attacks aimed at the rear guard and also goes to the front against speed type attacks the vanguard can’t handle as well as the ones that can’t be evaded. One could call him a wall that protects the inside while taking care of the outside. In terms of Bredda’s parring ability and one point defense as well as the use of throwing weapons and instant buff magic, he is better than Hibiki.

(Wudi’s magic didn’t work at all)

Wudi is a magician considered a genius, called the battery magician. He specializes in high powered magic and while it is true that he is the type who has limited amounts of maneuvering ability, he made a pact with a wind spirit and using its characteristic agility, he has obtained the nickname “Limia’s Mobile Battery”. A nickname that one has to wonder if they are praising him or fearing him. By the way, the person himself is not happy about this.

His offensive magic, for Hibiki who hasn’t learned that many attack spells and the party that has way too many physical attackers, is an important existence in the hero party. But in this case, those were practically ineffective. He would have originally been an imperial magician, but because of the King’s proposition, he was made to accompany Hibiki. He has a short build and a child face, but his age is 25. The oldest in the party.

(We placed an incredible burden on Chiya-chan)

Chiya is the healer. Having a high amount of magic power, she is a magician specialized in healing and support magic. Same as Wudi, she also has friendships with the spirits. Normally, the magicians that don’t take spirit magic as their specialty would be hated by spirits, so this was an uncommon case. She is friendly with not a wind one but a water one. Her maximum magic power amount is, unexpectedly, the same as Hibiki. She was almost made a sacrifice but was saved by Hibiki and the others, after that she has accompanied them and later on she officially became a member of their party. In terms of healing magic, she is Hibiki’s sensei. Of course, now that the party is in a state of total defeat, she is the one who has used the most magic power in healing and is now in a deep slumber.

Hibiki, Naval, Bredda, Wudi and Chiya.

This is Limia’s hero party. It is made up entirely by hyumans. It has only been one month since Hibiki has arrived to this world. Just how many events she has faced? It is to the point that one could call it a storm of ups and downs.

At the time when she registered in the Adventurer Guild, she was level 120. It was the third day of being in this world.

In the continuous battles, she increased her levels.

And yet, she lost this time.

Her lips hung up.

From deep inside, she could feel a strange throb similar to a tremble running through her whole body.

The fighting style Hibiki chose when she arrived in this world was the sword with speed as its main point.

Her physical strength was quite enhanced because of her previous world, so she could have used a great sword, but taking into consideration her surrounding companions and the weapon circulation itself, in the end, she chose a bastard sword.

It’s a weapon that doesn’t have many users in the kingdom. The katana doesn’t exist so she was troubled. And so, she chose this weapon that her history teacher in the previous world literally translated as “illegitimate child sword”.

Normally she uses this sword with one hand, but when she wants to do a strong attack she wields it with both. When she tried using it, it was truly comfortable and Hibiki grew attached to it.

The kendo that she was learning concentrated more on the distance between the opponent and forestalling than the use of the sword. As a means to cope, it is working well. The girl was happy that even with her sword ending up as a western one, it didn’t mean all of the skills she learned were a waste.

Right now it has been broken in half so she is in the middle of looking for a replacement. Looking at the long handle that had its blade broken, she felt a bit sorry.

In the beginning, Hibiki thought about using her crazy amount of magic power to learn attack spells, but thinking about the concentration she had to put in the aria while in the middle of a battlefield made her abandon the idea.

In the end, she decided to only learn a spell to coat her weapon in magic power, a barrier that has a short aria and is easy to use, and a self-healing spell.

She must have thought about situations where she would be the only one left, her composition had a strong sense of independence. And in fact, Hibiki has not lost a one on one ever before. She thought that in the case she lost, it would be because she was surrounded.

But the reality was different.

She and the others were all defeated by a single being. And it was from the front to top it off.

There was no carefully made out plan, nor tactic that read their next movements. Nothing at all.

It just suddenly appeared, and created the frustration in Hibiki.

Just instinct. Its overwhelming attack strength and crazy defense power.

Naval was certainly faster than it. She did continuous attacks like a gale, and by the time the opponent reacted and did an attack, she would be gone already.

Then, why is it that she was defeated?

Simple.

Because Naval’s attacks didn’t even make the opponent flinch. Her sword may look weaker compared to Hibiki’s bastard sword, but it is endowed by magic power and it is quite the sharp sword. Combine it with her speed and the cutting power increases by a lot. But it just wasn’t enough.

While holding back their fatigue, they continued to increase the damage little by little. And finally they were able to take out one of its legs.

Seeing that, even though it was after a long time, they had certainly taken one step forward and a sense of achievement welled up in the party.

But in the next instant, that leg regenerated and it continued its actions as if nothing happened.

At that moment, a crack appeared in the party that was working perfectly.

Naval got caught in a black thread and with her movements sealed, she received a finishing blow attack. Chiya desperately tried to cut off the thread’s effect and heal her, but they all understood that she was already out of combat. That is how a swordswoman would end up like if she were to take a direct hit while standing upright.

Because one of the members fell, the number of attacks Hibiki had to evade increased, and it also increased the burden of Bredda. Even if his specialty is parrying, that doesn’t mean he goes no damage all the time. Bredda’s movements became sluggish and he finally collapsed. After that, it happened…

Because Chiyu was concentrating on healing one person, Wudi ended up unable to cut it up with his attacks that only used magic power. Leaving aside if offensive magic was effective, seeing that it didn’t make the enemy movements change created a sense of dread in them.

Even when Hibiki stood as a one man frontline with her self-healing and barrier, if one person does the job of what was originally done by three people, it was clear what would happen sooner or later. Since the moment they understood their attacks didn’t have any effect, the Wolf that works as a guardian beast, intercepted as many of the attacks that couldn’t be blocked by the barrier. That silver wolf received a number of bombards and after his movements grew sluggish, he received a few more and fell.

Chiya changes her healing to Hibiki. But even with that, it couldn’t keep up. The support magic of Wudi gets cut off. And that thing that attacks leisurely, continues to spit out black strings from its rear.

The healing and support stops.

Cold sweat and impatience build up.

Being overwhelmed by only its defensive and offensive power, they are about to be crushed. Her comrades had already fallen. She didn’t even know if they were all safe.

One of the legs that she slashed using both hands was about to fall off, and then without missing this, she cut it off with the returning blade.

Then just like before, it dispersed like black particles.

And… Just like before, it regenerated.

“Fufu… fu…”

What was burying her now was despair. She can’t win. There’s no doubt that she can’t win. No, it wasn’t even a match. She didn’t understand why a laugh came out from her mouth.

The magic power that everyone praised was already completely dried up. A fatigue and heaviness that she hadn’t felt before assaulted her body.

Hibiki, with a literal desperate effort, strengthened her body and a red light clad her body.

I can win.

Without losing the light in her eyes.

“I can still fight! Come over here!”

The energy to move had already long left her. She could only counter-attack.

“Shyagya gya gya gya!”

Doing a war cry or whatever with a strange voice, its eight legs sped up as they drew nearer to Hibiki and with one of its forelegs it tried to mow her down.

What she did to counter was…

To do one step forward and make a turn for an overhead attack.

No one knows if she actually aimed for it. That attack went on top of its fangs and directly onto its overly shiny eyes.

Normally, Hibiki would have counted that as a counter. But she didn’t even aim for that counter. Right now, she was already sure that the only way would be to make it a mutual strike down, and this is the attack which took this into account.

“Gufu”

An organ had probably punctured, she could feel blood rushing up her throat.

That is of course. Because Hibiki, instead of evading the attack that was aimed at her abdomen, took a step forward and received it.

Am I going to die?

While thinking this hollowly, the last thing Hibiki saw when she lifted her head was…

Not a brutal battlefield, but a tranquil plain.

“How…?”

With her question as the trigger, blood begins dripping from her mouth. She couldn’t maintain her consciousness that was taking a turn for the worse.

The hero, Otonashi Hibiki, had experienced for the first time the taste of defeat. A complete defeat that the current her couldn’t have won at all.

That enemy was not a demon race nor a demonic beast.

It was a calamity. A hated black spider that moves around the world devouring everything.

At present, she doesn’t know that thing’s identity. Of course, she also doesn’t know that her last attack to the eye had filled the spider’s hunger temporarily and had left.

But Hibiki, who was recollecting her battle, woke up in bed and took a deep breath. Her body was being enveloped by excitement as if she had returned to that battlefield. With a number of deep breaths, she was finally able to calm down.

“I will win. Absolutely. Thanks for the defeat…Just you wait”

Her defeat might make her reputation fall, but she didn’t care about such a thing. I will investigate about that thing and defeat it. She has obtained one clear objective now.

This world has finally provided that feeling of defeat and frustration that she couldn’t obtain before even when she wished for it. That’s why she thanked the spider.

A black spider made 5 people close to level 200 retreat.

Hibiki’s reputation, instead of falling, actually rose. Normally when you meet that black spider it’s the end for you. It’s a high level threat that even the adventurer guild gathers high ranked adventurers that are affiliated with the country to make a magic division and bombard it with long ranged attacks to make it retreat.

This talk surprised the kingdom and it pushed the name of hero Otonashi Hibiki higher.

All of this happened a day before Makoto liberated the black spider from its hunger.

—-

Author note:

There is a certain difference in time between when the heroes got summoned.

More concretely speaking, the order is: male hero, female hero and then Makoto. Think of each one having a difference of 1 month.





Chapter 65 - Gossip – Gritonia’s Hero 2


Level 389 hero.

By the time Limia’s hero party had met face to face and stood in the battlefield, the unchanging world of silver, the empire, had already begun the defense line fight against the demon race.

And its leading actor was, without saying, the hero that had a prominent level in the empire. Iwahashi Tomoki.

The empire currently has the strongest hyuman who is level 920, but instead of worrying about the war with the demon race, she was preparing for another threat. The one who did the most in war was Tomoki.

The empire straightforwardly sent him to the numerous battlefields, and Tomoki did as requested and fought in battle. And so, his skills were polished in battle.

He registered in the Adventurer Guild at his second night in coming to this world. His measured level was 98.

… He leveled up in an abnormal pace.

At first, as a hero, Tomoki was told that his objective should be Sofia. That girl, who is called the dragon killer, is level 920.

There is probably people outside stronger than her. Tomoki willfully went into battle, and the empire, no, the second princess Lily acted as his guardian and provided good support to him, accelerating his progress.

The empire concealed the hero and viewed the hero practically only for war.

Sometimes he would do a triumphal return crossing the streets, but since he had full body armor and an exaggerated helmet, most don’t actually know how he looks like.

His daily life is mostly spend in the castle. Well, it is more accurate to call the battlefield his daily life though.

“Limia’s hero is level 138 huh. Will she be able to help me out with that?”

Tomoki asked the princess who told him about the other hero, Hibiki, without any intentions of making a fool of her, but honestly asking. She is only one third of his level after all. Also, he was a bit uneasy about fighting alongside her.

“It hasn’t been that long since she was summoned. We don’t know what will happen in the future Tomoki-sama”

The princess calls Tomoki with the honorific –sama, and responds with a smile. In the beginning Tomoki had an impression of being a proper and cold girl, but as time passed that impression became milder, and if he were to describe her now it would be a kind nobility princess.

That’s the type Tomoki yearns for, and while thinking that this is also the effect of his demon eyes, he was happy.

At the first day he appeared in that world, Tomoki was guided to a lot of places and in that time, he was being secretly investigated. There was no way the demonic eyes she already knew about would take effect on her. Because she made counter-measures so that the nobility would not be affected by it.

Tomoki, who didn’t think that he had been investigated, still believes that they don’t know about his demonic eyes and didn’t even hold any doubts at all.

Tomoki hasn’t told anyone about his demonic eyes, nor his special immortality characteristic. Because he didn’t feel like telling anyone about his abilities that might show negative impressions on others or could become his trump card. His immortality has not been discovered by anyone yet.

“Hmph, you are right. I was 98 in the beginning too so, she will climb up fast” (Tomoki)

Currently it is only a step in the plans, but the empire is right now discussing about how to conquer one of the demon race’s base. It’s just that, in that plan they have to ask for the help of Limia no matter what, a big scale plan. They are waiting for the hero of Limia to get to a point that can be useful.

That’s why in regards of Limia’s hero, Otonashi Hibiki, they have already obtained the latest information from a spy in the kingdom of Limia. Accurate information is being sent from that faraway place.

There was no surprise that Tomoki, who knew of this plan when inside the castle, would want to know the information of Limia’s hero.

“But Tomoki-sama, why do you want to hear about Limia’s hero so suddenly? Could it be… you know her?” (Lily)

“That’s not it. I heard her name, but it’s someone I don’t know. Her age is 18, right? I don’t know someone that is 3 years older than me” (Tomoki)

“Then why? Is it because she seems to be on the good-looking side? Did you begin to crave for her?” (Lily)

“What, are you jealous? It’s fine. Because I am plenty happy with Lily and everyone else” (Tomoki)

“… Really? If you want someone just say the word, okay? For the superior to want women is something natural. I won’t blame you for that” (Lily)

A sweet voice is whispered in his ears.

Tomoki nods looking satisfied.

“Yeah, at that time I will say it without reservation” (Tomoki)

“Okay” (Lily)

“About the fights…” (Tomoki)

“Let’s see, it seems that a part of the northwest line has been invaded so, if we are going to set out, it would be there probably” (Lily)

“I see. What should we do?” (Tomoki)

“First, let’s have lunch. I came here to call you, you know?” (Lily)

“So it seems. Understood. Then let’s go to the round table” (Tomoki)

“Yes, Tomoki-sama” (Lily)

The two of them, accompanied by a number of maids, left the room.

Tomoki’s room is just beside the second princess’s room. A measure so that no unprecedented things happen.

In a floor where it was originally allowed only for nobility, a hero that has no blood relation to anyone is there, so this disorder is understandable.

“I, Lily Furont Gritonia, have decided to work for the hero Tomoki-sama and devote myself to him. That’s why I am thinking about having Tomoki-sama live beside me, and set it up perfectly so I can support him” (Lily)

The sudden proposition of the second princess confused the imperial family at first. But the next words made them tranquil instantly.

“That’s why I will be resigning the inheritance of the imperial throne. I want to leave the government affairs to the others. So could you please view the hero-sama in a favorable way?” (Lily)

Most of the people that were against her proposal were the factions that were fighting for the imperial throne, Lily’s brother and sister’s groups. And that political opponent is saying that she will be stepping down from the stage herself. There is no happiest thing than this.

It’s just that, there were the rights princess Lily owned. She is from the imperial familial and has been participating in the intense political strife for the throne of emperor, so she has a lot of rights. What would happen from now on is something that took the attention of them.

The nobles and siblings who understood that, soon turned silent and waited for the princess’s continuation.

“Regarding the numerous businesses and government affairs that I am in charge of, I am thinking of dividing almost all of them and give it to everyone here. I just want you to leave in my care the small part that could become the hero’s strength. Concretely speaking it would be in the military affairs part, but since the skills that the empire possess as a whole are open to the public and possess joint-ownership, I can’t have the military strength concentrate on me. Excepting that, everything else I plan on proceeding with the assignments” (Lily)

Cheers and commotion rise. Princess Lily, with her shrewdness, has raised a lot of enterprises. Even without the military part, to receive the transfer on everything else was plenty enough.

With this, the nobles and siblings shut their mouths. It’s just as she planned.

Next in the list would be her father. The man who is the emperor.

Obviously, he asked the princess her reason for the sudden resignation of the imperial throne. Even if the hero has come, it is more realistic to use your power properly and have your political strength increase massively. Moreover, taking into account the past history of the princess, this is the natural conclusion. And in reality, the second princess Lily is certainly the closest one to the hero. She didn’t need to retire from the throne strife to provide support to the hero.

“The emperor is someone that succeeds the will of father. I feel like I want to succeed the will of mom. Mother was a devout follower of the Goddess-sama. She continued to belief in the Goddess-sama until the very end. I am truly sorry father, but I will inherit the will of mother and stay at the side of the hero that was send by the Goddess-sama” (Lily)

In the place where the highest will in the country is at, the reverberation of the bomb-like words were slowly settling. Her siblings, father, as well as the high nobles already knew that Princess Lily loved her mother deeply, and there were some that were moved to tears by her words.

“… Please forgive my selfishness. I will surely destroy the demon race along with the hero-sama and show you that we can revive that beautiful land of Elision” (Lily)

Leaving the needed amount of enterprises she thought would be necessary for the hero’s support…

At that day, Lily left the political strife stage. There were a lot who thought this was some kind of conspiracy, but after that, she supported the hero with dedication and blew away the doubts they had with her actions.

And so, now…

Tomoki and Lily were at the round table, in the place where they were called to.

In a garden where even in this precarious times still holds lush vegetation that healed the eyes of anyone that gazed upon it. At its center one could see numerous people and a literal round table.

It’s the garden that princess Lily’s mother loved. That place is where Lily had the hero use as a place to rest. In the past it was a place where no one was allowed in. When this place was liberalized, it surprised the nobles but it ended up in raising the valuation of the people that use the hero as lining.

There were some that were haughty and arrogant, but politics are warriors with no prospects. That is Tomoki’s assessment. It was in part because of their prejudice and coagulated sense of value, but since they are devote to the princess, they don’t have any ideas of rebellion and she doesn’t have an ounce of suspicion of them betraying.

“Tomoki-sama! The preparations are all ready. P-Please come this way”

“Onii-chan you are late!”

“I sacrificed time for research to come here you know. Don’t make me wait so long…… I know that you are busy though”

The three people that welcomed Tomoki and Lily were his companions. If they are to imitate the round table, then they would be Tomoki’s Knights of the Round Table.

The first one that called out nervously while inviting him to her side is Ginebia. Considered the strongest knight in the empire that protects the nobles, one of the royal guards. She was originally a person under Lily and also a close friend, but she is now limited to guarding both Tomoki and princess alike.

Though she has the body of a girl, she has trained to perfection the art of protection and the role of wall. The type of sorcery tool that was given to her is also one that is specialized in defense and her job possesses the name of a superior dragon that is famous for its defense, Grount. Royal Guard Grount is her unique job’s name.

Grount lives in the widest desert of the world and is the dragon that is said to possess the strongest defense. He is also known with the nickname of Sand Wave.

The next one is the young sounding voice that called Tomoki as brother, her name is Mora. Just like her voice tells, she is a young girl who is 12 years old. She is called the dragon spiritualist and is able to use a special summoning technique, a dragon summoner. She was originally raised in a local village at a family linage of shrine maidens, but because of the demon race’s invasion it was destroyed. Lily took care of her and ended up as her accompanying Tomoki.

The girl who uses dragons doesn’t have a unique job like Ginebia, but it is a rare job that only a few in the world possess.

The last one that callerd out complaining is Yukinatsu. Her origins were from Lorel Confederation, but looking for a place where she could do research more freely, she ended up working under Lily. Hearing the numerous unique ideas of the hero, she decided to accompany them. The fusion of armor and magic, the giant power that the ritual implements possess and the replicas of the so called sacred treasures; having an abnormal interest in the creation of these, she is a research type of person. Especially in the armor and magic area, she took a totally different approach from the dwarfs and because of those dangerous views she had, she was driven out of the confederation. Her job is Force Player. It is a rare job that only a few in the area of alchemy possess.

Currently, these three are Tomoki’s companions. Since the princess doesn’t participate in battle, she has the role of support in the rear.

With Tomoki’s suggestion of having a meal together, everyone was looking forward to the time when they would gather at the round table in the garden. The times when they can be together with him aside from battle are limited, so these times were precious for the girls that wanted to be with him even if for a little more.

Lily secretly took measures against the demonic eyes for the nobility, but there was nothing done to anyone else.

For Ginebia, Mora or Yukinatsu. Being basked by the demonic eyes so long, their good will came naturally and emotions were born inside of them, is what they believe.

“Lily-sama, Albert-sama said that he wanted you to confirm the documents of the meeting”

“Ara, for Ani-sama to tell me this in the middle of a meal, what bad timing. I’m sorry, Tomoki-sama. I will be going for a bit. When you go to the battlefield I will definitely be there to see you off, so don’t leave without telling me okay?” (Lily)

Truly in the moment when the princess was about to join the round table, a chamberlain came and spoke to her.

“Oh, I see. If it’s the call of Albert-sama, there is no helping it. After finishing the meal with everyone I will be resting so it is okay. If it ends up in me going to battle, I will definitely tell you” (Tomoki)

Tomoki knows of Lily’s brother and he won’t blame her for that. Things like this happen from time to time so he is used to it. Right now she is putting her all in supporting him, but he knows that in the past the princess managed a lot of works. He understands that she is busy.

“Got it. Then, Ginebia, I am counting on you” (Lily)

“Leave it to me” (Ginebia)

Ginebia complies with the princess’s words. Her loyalty for the princess has most likely remained unchanged.

Lily nods looking satisfied and followed lead, leaving the garden.

– Lily’s side –

“What is the progress’s state?”

“Right now it is going smoothly. The adapting ability of the hero can only be called as a miracle. To be able to freely wave around that god spear without riding a horse really overwhelmed me”

It is natural for him to do something of that extent.

Iwahashi Tomoki was compatible with all the sorcery tools. That’s why the empire let him choose anything from the treasure warehouse that contained extremely superior weapons and armor.

The first thing that he chose was not a weapon or armor, but a ring that worked as a warehouse, storing any items inside it.

After that, he had serious eyes while selecting a number of weapons and after testing them, he stored 12 weapons in his ring which filled the capacity of it. Next he selected the armor and in the training area it was adjusted.

He chose a rubber suit that fit his body and metallic type protectors that covered several parts on his body and are enhanced with defense magic. In the empire, these were protectors that possessed quite the power, but there was no one that could handle them. The use of these were soon authorized.

There is no way he could pass his daily life wearing a suit that fit his body, so regarding that suit is something that is prepared only when there is a need to use it in battle.

After that, Iwahashi Tomoki was given a number of magic items that create a barrier with high efficiency against black magic and physical attacks to be equipped on him for his daily life. It is good to have a sense to protect yourself. Masterpieces that were tested in the border wastelands, the Clay Aegis and many others.

This was going well.

The effects of the silver boots that were given by the Goddess were also outstanding. Even if he trains several times the amount of a normal person, or stands in the battlefield continuously, his fatigue will be healed at a rapid pace.

“What about his body? What is the difference in effects between administering the dosage to him and that of other hyumans?”

“There is also no problems in that. It is originally something that only reduces the lifespan of someone anyways. The other ones are also proceeding smoothly”

“I see. Then that’s good”

In his food there are elixirs mixed that accelerate his growth rate and enhance his magic power and body. I wanted to know the difference in effects between him and other people, so I had the food of all the members, aside from mine, mixed in with that elixir. I haven’t gotten their approval to do so though.

But for it to be going smoothly is good. There is the possibility that secondary effects appear immediately and make them unable to participate in battle. If that happened, it would be putting the cart before the horse.

I abandoned my rights to the imperial throne. Because of that, the problems that were annoying all flowed to my siblings. I will just do what I have to do and concentrate my all in it. There is no better happiness than this.

That’s right, I don’t need the imperial throne.

In the end…

The empire will…

Be usurped by Iwahashi Tomoki.

I have been whispering him the will of a supreme ruler, the reign component and the logic of a violent king.

It appears that that boy obtained power as he entered this world and before that he was a misfortunate person. I also heard stories about him being bullied by girls in his surroundings.

In short… he is being festive about the massive power he suddenly obtained.

How convenient. What a mistake.

That’s why I act as the type of girl he likes and bewitch him. It is okay to say that I am already half done.

When I invited him at the evening party, he didn’t reject me.

On the contrary, it seems to have given him self-confidence and he began calling himself with “ore”*. It also seems that he has put his hand on Ginebia, Mora and Yukinatsu.

I don’t care.

In the future he can go creating a harem or whatever he wants. More like, I will assist him in doing so.

It is better to have more things to tie him into the throne and political power.

If I push in a sweet poison inside that weak heart who has been affected by bullying, he won’t think about opposing me. There is no doubt that he is thinking he himself ended up wanting to become a king and obtain the empire.

Of course, that will be when our victory against the demon race has been settled. It can’t happen if that doesn’t occur first.

When that time comes, I “who has become his loyal slave” will support him in whatever he wants.

The other countries are also worth my attention.

The hero, who was send by the goddess, that young egg of a tyrant told me a truly delightful idea.

This should be a good time for the experimentations to enter the real stage. For the sake of the day that is to come.

The experiment of the elixir should be enough now. This middle-aged alchemist male has truly served me well.

“Then, what should we develop now? I know, how about a… for the he… ro… eh?”

“It’s already enough. Thanks for your hard work” (Lily)

The sleeve of my white clothes began to dye itself in dark red.

It is more convenient to have people that don’t have the knowledge and tell them only the production process in order to make an assembly line.

I am a person devoted to Iwahashi Tomoki, so I don’t need evidence of me creating something that harmed his body. I also don’t need anyone that knows.

Creating a team with me, who is at the top, and a number of skilled researchers, we obtained good enough results. Now I will finish them off orderly just like this. Perfectly.

‘Why?’ the middle-aged man that made such a face, fell down and stopped all functions.

I hand over the dagger I had in my hands to the chamberlain that was waiting at the entrance. Her eyes didn’t have any light of a will.

“Take care of that and burn the house. Make sure that everything in this room becomes ashes. And you will burn along with your important person that is over there. Okay?” (Lily)

I whispered detailed instructions slowly at her ears, and have her hold the dagger.

This is good.

When I confirm the chamberlain has gathered all the documents, I take off my clothes and turned them to ashes.

My upper half is now underwear, but I didn’t mind. I will be teleporting to my room at the castle anyways, so no one will see.

I have to return to Tomoki’s place soon. Today is the battle in the northwest area.

But before that…

“Now, next will the development of the delightful weapon hero-sama told me about” (Lily)

After returning to my room, I changed my clothes and confirm the documents of the plan that have been done reasonably well.

That is… a weapon that provides the same power to kids with no power, to old people who have lost their power, people that have nothing. The amount of magic power is no problem at all.

It’s a truly a delightful and “impartial” weapon. A weapon that just by having, you will get power.

By the time the other countries begin the production of inferior products and throw them to the battlefield, the war will be over already.

The demon race, the Goddess, and her religion…

I will destroy them all.

“Guns. That is the kind of name it had. I have to hurry I make them” (Lily)





Chapter 66 - Looking at the departing back


“So it has been carried out. It’s been a while since we had such a busy day”

A man in the prime of his life has his hand on his prided beard and looking at a certain direction on top of a castle wall’s pathway.

This place is Tsige’s northeast department. In this land that is practically surrounded by high castle walls, only the northeast department is different.

From the northeast exit there is a wide beautifully paved path that extends forth.

The wall that protects the city is just as it is, it stretches out on both sides of these big path. That length goes on onto the horizon and one couldn’t see its end.

It is called the Golden Highway. It is the safest and highest priced path in this world. The width reaches 10 meters, but it is protected by a high wall. The highway goes from the southern tip to Tsige, from the northern extremity to the empire’s trading city, Robin City. Each nation maintains and improves it.

The lands that can use this highway to go in and out, without exception, are protected by a tall wall. There are even cities that were created in turn of this path and have evolved from it.

So that the merchants could transport large amounts of goods safely, so that important people can move safely from countries, for the sake of passing on important information that can’t be told through thought transmission as fast as possible; for various purposes, these highway is utilized.

Because the cost to use is pretty high, there are practically no pedestrians or adventurers in sight. Even if there are, it would be to protect people that are looking for even more safety than it is already provided.

Also, in various towns that work as relay points, magic formations are set, so it is made in the form that you are able to transfer one after the other in the different towns that are connected to the highway.

Raidou, who has left Tsige today, didn’t walk through the highway. He used the numerous magic formations to head to the far away Academy Town. But even from those relay points, the arrival to their destination will take long. In the direction that the prime man and the man who has his whole body clad in black look, there is no doubt that “he” is there.

“You are totally right. Even if they transit without resting, for them to reach Academy Town would take up to 3 days”

“Yeah. But wouldn’t it have been fine to at least have Lisa and the girls see him off? Even if their hair is a bit short, I don’t think Raidou-dono would mind”

“Women have their women way of thinking”

“Fumu, so it’s such a thing. And so, Morris…”

The man tries to change the topic from the male butler. His eyes were not those of someone seeing off an acquaintance, nor the eyes of a father thinking about his family.

“What is it?” (Morris)

The man called Morris must have noticed, he responds to his master somewhat stiffly.

“Tomoe-dono and Mio-dono. From your eyes, how do they look like to you?”

“In terms of physical strength, no matter which one, I would have to raise my hands in defeat. In terms of doing trades, Mio-sama would be more comfortable, but in the end, she can’t do anything that doesn’t leave a bad after taste. I think that they are ladies that match their level”

“… So that’s how it is huh. Well, the words “I know my own position as a person being lent a spot” that Tomoe said… I have no other choice but to believe in them. What about the people from Kuzunoha Company stationed at our store?”

“I have talked to them a number of times and from what I could get, the dwarfs are craftsmen. The other ones that I saw with Tomoe-sama once, from what I could see, they seemed hyuman but they had brown skin and red eyes so I think they are demi-humans. They have decorum, so it didn’t look like people who would cause trouble” (Morris)

“Does Raidou-dono not have intentions on employing hyumans?”

Rembrandt tilts his head. The followers that he has, Tomoe and Mio, are hyuman, but the other ones are all demi-humans. Taking into account their characteristics, most of them seemed to have appearances close to hyumans, but there is no hyuman employed.

“For now it seems to only be Tomoe-sama and Mio-sama. He knows various demi-human languages, so he may be taking into account the cost and ability as a priority when he is choosing. This is just an impression I got when I was talking to them but, I felt like they hated the so called discrimination” (Morris)

“Ability… and cost huh. This place is certainly dangerous, but Tsige has a principle of accepting people with ability after all. If we think like so, it is not that strange. If it were me, I wouldn’t care if they were demi-humans or whatever as long as they are proficient. Or at least that’s how I think now” (Rembrandt)

“… In time, an undesirable war might occur between the hyumans and the demi-humans but… a trend like that does exist” (Morris)

With a voice that one could feel slight grief from, Morris affirms his master’s words. If the demi-humans’ position goes up too much, it might create friction between the hyumans. He was worried about that.

“At least the Kuzunoha Company won’t become an explosive agent for now. They are still in a state where they don’t even have their own store. They won’t do anything rash. If it looks like a seed will appear, we just need to talk with Tomoe-dono and the others. It’s not like those girls won’t employ any hyumans at all” (Rembrandt)

“Yeah. Most of the adventurers will suppress their voices, so currently there shouldn’t be any problems” (Morris)

Rembrandt and Morris seemed to feel certain distress over the future of Kuzunoha Company.

“Now that I think about it, I wanted to meet the other follower that Raidou-dono said he would reunite with later. By the time he returns, I hope he brings him here” (Rembrandt)

“We tried to investigate on our side, but we couldn’t get who in the world he was. We can’t get any information of Raidou-sama either. It’s to the point that it makes me wonder if they are mushrooms that sprouted after rain” (Morris)

“… Mushrooms huh” (Rembrandt)

“Yes, with the sentiments of not knowing anything about them. Mushrooms” (Morris)

“… Well, it is a personage that would bring trouble if he tried after all. It’s not like I don’t understand how you feel. I don’t mind it if that is how the investigations turned out to be. I am having you guys do something that is hopeless after all. There was an inquiry from the castle about their registration in the guild and the level of those two…” (Rembrandt)

“!!”

The words “From the castle” that Morris’s master said, made him tense. Because if the Aion Kingdom’s attention is taken, Raidou’s movements will be limited a lot.

“No problem. Right now he is not properly moving as a merchant so, if I get anything, I will report it. Is what I told them and send them back” (Rembrandt)

“Rembrandt-sama…” (Morris)

“Don’t make that face Morris. Being in this kind of remote place makes one forget slightly that this place belongs to the country. It is not like they are doing anything to protect Tsige after all. It is obvious which side I will take between the useless bugs that only look for gold and the person that saved my family” (Rembrandt)

“… Certainly. The government officials that are brought here by the country, all of them think only about bribes. This is practically an autonomous place run by merchants. It’s just… this kind of topic is…” (Morris)

“I understand. This will stay between us. If someone got us from behind, it would be no laughing matter” (Rembrandt)

Rembrandt faces Morris and makes a childish face, like the one a kid would do when he does a prank. And Morris responds with an evil face as if punishing.

“If it comes to a point where Tomoe-sama takes my back, please leave me behind” (Morris)

He may have remembered an error of some sort, Morris shows a face of discomfort.

In the past, Morris saw Tomoe in a bookstore in town and he tried to confirm her skills so he erased his presence and approached her.

The moment he stepped into the store and thought he was at her back, her figure was suddenly nowhere to be seen. It only ended up in him being hit on his left shoulder.

Morris embarrassedly reported that to Rembrandt and he bursted in laughter. Her threat was higher than Morris ever imagined, so this was advice of not making her their enemy.

Morris clearly understood the difference of strength between him and Tomoe. In the case she and Mio, who is even higher in level than her, get serious, Morris reported to Rembrandt that his last wall of defense, Morris himself, would not be able to protect him. He is an honest person.

“… When Raidou-dono returns, he will surely be stronger than before. Today when he came to ask me about the Academy, if he were to mention about the things I don’t want to be publicized or about his followers, he could have controlled the conversation. In terms of his heart, I want him to stay as he has always been” (Rembrandt)

Learning various kinds of knowledge and studying, Raidou will surely increase his abilities as a merchant. His close aide Tomoe is also proficient. He predicts that his company may develop incredibly in the future.

Rembrandt felt grateful that he didn’t have any intentions of joining Aion and making Tsige his headquarters. Because they could stay as good partners without minding about dividing the business area.

Also, Tomoe and Mio.

This was the first time Rembrandt had seen people of 4 digits. Those two would cause quite the pressure and mental strain just thinking about confronting them. Because they could easily blow away a town if they so wanted.

Instigating their imperial wrath would truly make that happen. In a sense, it’s scarier than taunting a dragon.

Unless you have enough courage, trying to make business with those girls would end up in one being completely swallowed by their demands.

The requests regarding the wasteland are numerous but their completion rate is bad. That should be the case and yet, since the time Tomoe and Mio arrived, the request board in the Adventurer Guild that was always increasing only, now has a tendency to decrease.

Because of their arrival, the state of Tsige has begun to slowly change.

“Was it okay to talk about the heroes? There were contents that were supposed to be secret in what you disclosed” (Morris)

“I am incredibly grateful for my wife, my daughters and Raidou-dono. They told me they want me to do as much as I can so… I don’t mind this much” (Rembrandt)

“But to disclose such information so easily would make us look like we are cheap people. Please act with a bit more prudence” (Morris)

Morris warns his master on his rash act.

“It is fine. Honestly speaking, if I am able to gain their trust with something like this, I would consider it a huge profit. Raidou-dono is my benefactor and a business partner. Above all, he is a person I can’t see limits on” (Rembrandt)

“… I overstepped my line. And also, here is a follow-up report on the hero of Gritonia” (Morris)

“Hm, let’s hear it” (Rembrandt)

“Yes. He is favorably obtaining military gains for the empire. And it also seems that he is being used in “researches” by the second princess” (Morris)

In midst of the report, the word “researches” made Rembrandt’s body stiffen.

There were previous rumors that the empire did human body experiments. But after the descent of the hero they still continued, on the contrary, this is the first time he heard that even the hero himself was being included in it.

“Gritonia might be intending to use the hero as a weapon”

“That may be the case”

“… Is the hero such a submissive one? Well, an easy to drive hero is actually something the country would be grateful for”

Existences that possess strong power normally have intense ego. It makes it troublesome to control.

“I heard that he is still a boy. Limia and Gritonia are big. Satisfying the desires of a boy and girl should be easy for them” (Morris)

“How pitiful. So they are just going to be used in the war against the demon race huh” (Rembrandt)

If they are not aware of it themselves, that would be for the better. No matter what kind of title you possess, an idiot is still an idiot huh. Rembrandt grieved.

“… Also, there were no signs of any of the heroes approaching the Academy” (Morris)

“They are the trump cards in the front lines after all. I thought about it just in case, but it seems that the Academy will not be receiving the sparks” (Rembrandt)

“Yes, the ojo-samas’ preparations to return to school have already been made, so this was a matter of worry. But it appears that their heads are currently filled with the fight that is about to occur in Stella Fort” (Morris)

“Stella Fort huh. There are a number of anecdotes about that place, it seems to be a barrier that is protected by a demon general of four arms. From what I have heard, it seems that the hero of Limia will only participate by going around helping people in this capture mission. If I remember correctly… her name is Hibiki Otonashi” (Rembrandt)

Regarding Limia’s hero, she is a person that goes around the neighboring countries and solves the problems concerning the demon race. There are people that say she is the splitting image of what a hero in stories should be. When Rembrandt heard those kind of rumors in the information investigated, the time when he received the report, he heard them half in doubt and just ignored it. Because he thinks that there is no way such a holy person of virtue would exist.

For Rembrandt, the hero that is still in the empire, who is filled with greed and lust, is an existence that is easier for him to comprehend.

“Yeah, it will be a joint front with both of the heroes. I will make moves so that we can obtain as much information as we can” (Morris)

“That would help a lot. No matter if the fight in Stella ends up in a victory or a defeat, it will decide the flow of things from now on. I want to know the conclusion as precisely as possible” (Rembrandt)

“Yes. I am looking forward to a few days from now. Who knows when the ojo-samas will get a complete recovery. We need to prepare for it” (Morris)

“By the way, what about the royal palace’s report?” (Morris)

“… It’s okay, just leave it alone. At any rate, the Stella Fort battle will utilize the consensus of all 4 major powers, so they must already know by now” (Rembrandt)

“Understood. Then I will do as you say. The preparations to return to school, to think such a day like this would come. Now that I think about it, to invite Raidou-sama to the Academy was also one of the wishes the ojo-samas did” (Morris)

“… Do you think that means they are in love with Raidou-dono?” (Rembrandt)

For a father, this made him have terrifying complex feelings. He is a benefactor, but seeing the two girls that have not been followed by any bad bugs to grow interest in a person of the opposite sex, there is no helping those feelings.

They must have remembered about him, the two, with synchronized voices, asked about his whereabouts and circumstances.

Rembrandt himself didn’t possess that much information, and he had no intentions on retaining him pointlessly.

When he said that he doesn’t know when he would leave the town because he is an adventurer, along with his wife the three of them said “Please stop him until we are able to thank him”.

The deceiving would at one point lose its effect and when he was planning on telling him, they came and pleaded Rembrandt…

To have him go to the same Academy they are going to. He thought that they were quite into it, but this is something he felt even from before, ‘isn’t this a bit too much?’

But he was originally indulgent and, on top of it, a father that dotes his family. If it’s his two daughters’ request and his wife supports it, he didn’t care about the morals and laws of this world.

He smiled and ended up consenting to it.

These were the details regarding the matriculation of Raidou into the Academy from Rembrandt’s side. Even if Raidou didn’t have any intentions of going to the Academy, he would have forced it somehow.

But for some reason, he himself came to say that he wanted to go to Academy Town. When he heard that he made a complete turn and said over and over again “There’s no way there was a problem”

“I don’t know myself. But it seems that the two of them have a no ordinary interest in him” (Morris)

“Interest huh. You are right. They didn’t change their attitude even when he showed his face after all” (Rembrandt)

(The moment he took off his mask, it may be rude but… his outward appearance was ugly, no, poorly made? No, hmm… deplorable? No, that’s not it. Ah that’s right, it had such a strong sense of individuality that it made me lose my words) (Rembrandt)

It was on a degree that if he weren’t a hyuman but a demi-human it would be in a level that wouldn’t cause surprise, so Rembrandt was already used to it.

And if the words he said about having his mask off from now on are true, he will surely pass a lot of hardships. Rembrandt felt for him. The lie of him not being able to take off his mask because of a curse so that he didn’t have to show his face was a bit undesirable for Raidou, but Rembrandt understood him.

Seeing their own appearance crumble because of the curse disease may have bended their own way of viewing the outward appearance. He remembered that his two daughters had a strong inclination to physical looks. He himself didn’t change his love to them at all when he saw them in that ghost-like appearance, so he does understand that feelings and appearance are not directly related.

‘Let’s see how the situation unfolds’, is what Rembrandt decided to go with.

(If he suddenly returns with my two daughters having a swelled stomach, I will throw the army at him. At least think of it as an opposition of sorts, Raidou-dono) (Rembrandt)

“Danna-sama, I share the same sentiments as you but I think that your thoughts are somewhat accelerated” (Morris)

Fumu, as expected of their many years of fellowship. Their thoughts get through easily. Rembrandt was wondered with Morris’ words. It was still unknown if it was because it was being transmitted or because it could be seen at plain sight though.

“I am happy that you feel the same way” (Rembrandt)

There are practically no occasions where he has left something to him and he has failed. He is truly a reassuring butler.

That’s right, there are practically no cases where he has left something to him and he has failed.

That’s why he didn’t confirm with him. He was negligent. It was a negligence that didn’t normally happen on the merchant that even has influence in Tsige.

In another day…

An error was found in the documents submitted to Rotsgard Academy. Raidou, condolences.





Chapter 67 - The two’s journey begins in a downpour


The two of them noticed the abnormality.

That big abnormality which made someone feel a sense of loss suddenly appeared.

It’s on the third day he departed to Academy Town.

Their connection with Makoto suddenly got broken.

But there were no changes in their bodies. The pact was still in effect. Even so, there is no doubt that this is an incredibly abnormal situation.

“What is going on-ja?!”

“Waka-sama!”

Tomoe and Mio look at each other and confirm if these sensation was shared by both of them. It seems that both of them are in the same state, is what they could tell.

In a relatively thin highway a few ways from Tsige. There was a group that was aiming straight in the sea’s direction and casually travelling. They just departed so they were still not that far away from town.

At the same time that they measure the distance to the port city, they create as many mist relay points as possible. Walking along the paths, gathering information on the villages and the geographical information, they create an accurate map of the vicinity. They have an objective of sorts, but these two have a tendency to sightsee.

However, for the forest ogres, who were dispersed in various directions around the girls, this is a serious mission. They purposely walk in an area without a road and while concentrating in gathering all the information they can on the surroundings, they follow Tomoe and Mio from behind and head onto the place where they plan to lodge in.

“Mio, you also felt that?!” (Tomoe)

“Yeah, I can’t feel Waka-sama’s presence at all!” (Mio)

Makoto wasn’t explained this but the people that form a pact can actually tell their approximate location. For Tomoe and Mio, putting aside the times Makoto comes to Asora, they try their best not to bother him in his journey. They already knew their master’s approximate location.

They have also received a direct report today from Shiki that they would be arriving at a place that would move them to Academy Town. With those two points, the two of them, or more like Mio, could cope with the absence of Makoto.

(Tomoe-dono, Mio-dono, can you hear me?! Rai- no, Makoto-sama has disappeared!)

Right at that timing, they receive a thought transmission from the newbie follower that was accompanying Makoto, Shiki. The thought transmission of both Tomoe and Mio to Makoto didn’t show any response. They could tell that it couldn’t even reach him. Because of this fact, they were grateful at the report from Shiki.

(Disappeared? What do you mean by that-ja? Shiki, calm down. Talk in a clear way so we can understand) (Tomoe)

(Shiki, Shiki! What about Waka-sama?! Waka-sama!) (Mio)

(Ei Mio, shut up for a bit. I am asking that right now. You being noisy won’t take us anywhere!) (Tomoe)

Seeing a new source of information, Mio lunges in with the question she wanted to ask the most. But Tomoe who felt that the other side was also not in a calm state, held back her own emotions and rebukes Mio.

(Shiki, you said he disappeared right? First of all, where are you right now-ja?) (Tomoe)

(I am in the second transfer point for Academy Town, a town called Felika. The moment I arrived here, Makoto-sama was gone. Even when I asked the guard that was in the transfer area, he told me that he didn’t see him, and then, suddenly the presence of Makoto or more like, the connection between us was broken, and well…!) (Shiki)

It is unusual for Shiki to be in a state of panic. He was a researcher in the past and had a tendency to look at situations in a relatively calm manner. Even when he is like that, he still entered a state of panic when he saw that his master, who was supposed to be with him, disappear suddenly.

(You entered together with him at the previous transfer encampment right?) (Tomoe)

(Yes, without doubt) (Shiki)

(Un, I see. We have lost the connection we had with Waka as well, but we haven’t returned to our previous forms. That means Waka is still alive. I may be asking the impossible, but even so, please calm down. For us this is literally out of nowhere. We don’t know anything and can’t think up any possibilities. We are counting on you) (Tomoe)

Tomoe tries to slowly calm down Shiki first and ask for his explanation. To forcefully restrain an impatient heart and try to act normally is something hard to endure even for Tomoe.

(U-Understood) (Shiki)

(Okay? The disappearance may certainly be sudden. But even with that, there is still something that happened before it. First of all, is that official not lying?) (Tomoe)

(Definitely. I was in a panicked state so I casted a strong hypnotic spell on him. After-effects may appear on him, but I can say with certainty that the information obtained was no lie) (Shiki)

Shiki’s words were few, but one could notice he was slightly calmer than before. One could tell he was quite desperate from the fact that he used a strong hypnotic spell on a hyuman without holding back.

(I see. Then, did something happen at the previous transfer encampment?) (Tomoe)

Tomoe didn’t pry deeper at the mention of “after effects” from the hypnosis. If there were no points of doubt in the place they arrived to, the problem must have occurred before that.

(Previous. Even if you ask me about the previous one, there was nothing planted on the transfer formation. We entered just like always and were enveloped by light…) (Shiki)

(Shiki! Just go find Waka-sama! Right this instant! Isn’t he anywhere in that village?!) (Mio)

Mio, who was somehow able to stay silent until now, couldn’t endure it any longer and calls out. While Tomoe was talking with Shiki, Mio was tapping the ground impatiently and biting the nails on her right hand. It was clear to the eye that she was under heavy amounts of stress because she didn’t know the whereabouts of Makoto.

(Mio! This will take just a bit longer so keep quiet! How is it-ja? Nothing coming to your mind?) (Tomoe)

(Light, we were enveloped by light and… Now that I think about it!!) (Shiki)

(Umu! What happened?) (Tomoe)

(It was slight, but I feel like the light changed into a golden color. Then after that, it was just for a bit, but I think I heard something like a noise. Waka-sama lifted his head, so I think he must have felt the same abnormality. And so, when I arrived at Felika, Makoto-sama was nowhere in sight. I was able to safely arrive so it isn’t a transfer accident. After that, I shamefully forgot my self-control) (Shiki)

Golden.

The existences that possess this color, Tomoe only knows of two possibilities. One of them is a superior dragon just like her. And the other one… is the Goddess. Golden is a type of special magic. It is normally impossible for magic to possess this color.

(Hmph, golden huh. Did you feel a power when that color change happened?) (Tomoki)

(No, not really. Also, it occurred in practically a second after all) (Shiki)

Even if the transfer formation was created by hyumans, it is still quite the product. Tomoe checked the transfer formation’s pattern and construction before Makoto used it, so she could tell.

If we consider that “someone” cut into the activation in an instant and kidnapped one of the two persons that were being transported, that “someone” must possess quite the ability. Having a vast amount of magic power and must also possess a deep understanding in magic.

(Shiki, do you think you are able to go to that magic formation right now and check for the remnants of magic power?) (Tomoe)

(No, that will be hard. The reception preparations for the next transfer are already being done after all) (Shiki)

(I see. Then it will be difficult to pinpoint huh. Shiki, you head to the Academy as it is. You should be the one who has Waka’s application documents right? Send those first. After that, if you are in the Academy, Waka should be able to fly there. It would breed suspicion if he transited again from Tsige) (Tomoe)

(Eh… But Tomoe-dono, to go ahead when we don’t even know if Makoto-sama is safe…) (Shiki)

(That’s right Tomoe-san! Shiki was the person closest to Waka-sama you know?! What are you thinking desu?!) (Mio)

Mio’s objection is understandable. She thought that Tomoe didn’t understand the gravity of the situation from the instructions she gave.

(Mio, we should think that Waka-sama has been abducted-ja. The ones responsible can probably be reduced to two) (Tomoe)

(?! What?!) (Shiki)

Shiki answers Tomoe’s words with surprise.

(Of course, this is if we follow the logic that the golden light and that noise-like something is related to this situation-ja ga. We don’t have any more material to create other deductions, and we can’t just stand doing nothing) (Tomoe)

(That is obvious!) (Mio)

Mio approves of Tomoe’s words with a strong tone. There is no way Mio would be able to stand and look when this is happening.

(Judging that our pact with Waka is still in effect, it is safe to think that the place where he has been taken, there is some sort obstruction that blocks the magic power from the outside-ja. From the color gold I can associate two. The first one is the superior dragon they call “Myriad Colors”, Root. The other one is… the Goddess-ja) (Tomoe)

Tomoe would normally hypothesize numerous cases and after deliberate thought, she would filter the possibilities. That is how much her vision is being narrowed right now.

(A superior dragon and… God huh. Certainly, if we talk about golden magic power, I can only think about God. But I don’t think the Goddess would go out of her way to do such a…) (Shiki)

Shiki’s image of God was, at least, not one who would force such reckless actions. The change into golden was just an instant and he had no thoughts of doubting God.

(I will contact Root from my side. But if it really is the work of the Goddess, I am afraid to say that there isn’t much we can do in our present state) (Tomoe)

Tomoe said these words with a mortifying face, as if wanting to grind her teeth.

(No way!) (Mio)

(That’s why, Shiki, you go to the Academy. The only thing we can do is to prepare everything so that master can return as soon as possible to Asora. Even though it’s irritating) (Tomoe)

(Gumuuu. But can’t he search the vicinities?! It is still not certain that the Goddess is the one who did this!!) (Mio)

(That is… No, you are right-ja. It is no good to go along with just reason. Understood, search the vicinities of Felika. When finished, search the surroundings of the Academy as well) (Tomoe)

(Understood!) (Shiki)

Seems like Shiki cut the thought transmission and began acting. Tomoe and Mio soon felt that the thought connection between them was cut.

“Mio, it is as you heard-ja. I will hurry to where Root is. That’s why I want you to be in Asora” (Tomoe)

“I will be going with Tomoe-san as well-desu wa! If this is the act of that dragon, I have to show him how foolish of a move he made with my own hands!” (Mio)

“You can’t-ja” (Tomoe)

“I don’t want to-desu! Why?!” (Mio)

“If… If this was done by the Goddess, it is mortifying but there is not much we can do. Being blocked and not knowing where he is, we are not even able to assist him. Honestly, in that case, the only thing we can do is pray for Waka to calls us on his own or to escape from that place by himself. We could have done something if matters were more apparent, but now that is has already occurred, there is nothing we can do” (Tomoe)

But well, the three followers understood that it is impossible for Makoto to call them by himself. Because he would have already done so if he were able to.

“To escape from God by himself?” (Mio)

Mio looks at Tomoe with a grim expression.

“If Waka is able to escape by himself, his first direction will be Asora. It may be necessary to nurse Waka if he is injured somewhere. If Shiki were here it would be best but, from what we heard, he is quite far away. You are better at healing than me, so please” (Tomoe)

“Tomoe-san…” (Mio)

‘Please’, saying so, Tomoe grasped her hands so strongly that it caused pain. Mio was able to see that and called her name weakly. Tomoe is also Makoto’s follower, there is no way her heart is calm in this situation.

“Honestly, a mysterious feeling is going rampant inside of me and it’s making me want to shout. In truth, even if it takes three days, I want to call back Shiki and have him prepare in case there is a need to heal. But there is also a part of me that is hoping everything was wrong and he is somewhere around Felika’s vicinity” (Tomoe)

“…”

“I am scared, like I have never been before. The fear of losing Makoto-sama. And if it is like this, there is no way I will be able to accept it. If Root is the true culprit of Makoto-sama’s abduction, I will not ask for the reasons, turn it into a bloodbath and return with Waka. Like I care if he is one of the highest existences” (Tomoe)

Tomoe calls Makoto with –sama when she rarely does so.

“Understood. I will wait for Waka-sama at Asora. If he returns, at that time…” (Mio)

“Yeah, tell me as soon as that happens. I will return instantly. Fufu, to have Mio say something nice makes me happy but that would make Shiki’s wait in vain” (Tomoe)

“Even though he is a newcomer he went and accompanied Waka-sama after all. I will have him wait-desu wa” (Mio)

It was a bit forced, but even so, both Tomoe and Mio laughed. To believe in your master and wait, that is an incredibly painful thing to do. To believe and wait sounds nice, but it means to wait for the situation to unfold without being able to do anything. That’s why, in order to drown out their anxiety, they both showed a smile.

When Mio passed through the mist gate Tomoe created, the anguished face Mio made as if praying, eloquently told about the situation they were in.

“Waka, please be safe”

Tomoe, who was more worried about her master than facing a dragon in the top seats, blended into the mist and disappeared.





Chapter 68 - Depressing Night


In the border of the world an otherworldler moved, but there were still no ripples occurring in sight.

At that time, Rembrandt, who is known in the world as the Merchant of Tsige, was tackling an opportunity.

The implementation of Stella Fort’s capture plan by Limia and Gritonia.

In the battle that was spread out in two directions, the two heroes from both countries increased their morale. Moreover, because of the blessing of the goddess that had reappeared once more, the hyuman’s position was gaining advantage.

The Goddess’ blessing.

That is what could be called the basis of the big power the hyumans possess in this world.

Before the battle, they report to the Goddess about the beginning of it and the representatives of the troops do a speech. The Goddess confirms both powers and offers divine protection to the one she accepts the most, and the one she doesn’t, receives a curse. More specifically speaking, the one that was approved of will have all of his forces doubled in strength and the one who isn’t will have it halved.

In short, in the case the speech flows into a blessing situation, putting it in numbers, the distance in strength between the two powers will be of four times. If there is a big difference in military force it may be another story, but if it is normal, the difference is despairing.

That’s why, in this world, the winner and loser of a battle between hyumans was normally decided in the speech step. Because the result was already clear, it was normal for the halved side to surrender. For the sake of being approved by the Goddess, the people pursued beauty and have also made clothes and pompous armor that ignored utility just for the speech with the Goddess. The one she approves is the one that she finds the most beautiful. The royalty and nobles research the appearance of the people that have won in the speech, it couldn’t be helped that there were some who went mad because of this. It was directly connected to the power of the country and the family after all.

But that is only the case of fights between hyumans.

In the case it is not between hyumans, the story changes completely. In the speech with the Goddess, she would provide the hyumans with divine protection no questions asked. Even if we count the times in the past where there was a fight the hyumans didn’t receive blessings, there were no times where demi-humans obtained blessings. Not a single time. Against an opponent that was doubled in power with no questions asked, the demon race, originally known as demi-humans, were being overwhelmed because of their numerical inferiority. Being pressed by the necessity, the demon race began to assertively research strategy and tactics and obtained know-how numerous times higher than that of hyumans, yet it still continued with the hyumans having the advantage. Before the Goddess’ disappearance, the demon race was having those kind of fights.

When the Goddess disappeared, obviously, the speeches became pointless. Even if they made the preparations and express their desire for a speech, they didn’t obtain no blessings nor curses.

The 4-times blessing was now not showing effects no matter if the enemy was hyuman or demi-human. The demon race called a big amount of demonic beasts and demi-humans. Increasing their power to the very limit, they marched towards a war against the hyumans. They simply went straightforwardly from the front to crush them, pulverize them with power and numbers. The hyumans that were always been on the crushing side, were now being done in by the demon race. Victory, victory, victory, victory. The momentum didn’t stop. They even destroyed one of the five major powers and the demon race was able to obtain large amounts of lands.

The Stella Fort is in the southern tip of that destroyed major power, Elision.

It’s a solid fortress that has been attacked numerous times by Limia from the south and Gritonia from the east.

If they have the troops ignore this place and go north, in their march they will be obstructed by an inconvenient large river and swamp as well as a mountain range. It is not impossible but there will be interferences by the demon race. In essence, for them to be able to attack the demon race’s domain with a big army, they have to capture the Stella Fort or they won’t be able to advance. That there is a courteous route leading directly to the fortress for both countries is one of the ingenuities of the demon race, and there were some intelligent hyumans in the group that had begun to notice this. Even so, with all the lives used for the battles in this fortress, it took away Limia and Gritonia’s reasoning and recognition of this strategy.

The symbol of the hated demon race. A fortress that they have to capture no matter what. The Stella Fort is that kind of existence.

“The impregnable fortress. The devil’s fortress that has killed uncountable hyumans huh. Well, it is no surprise you would want to capture it as soon as possible. The descent of the heroes and the revival of blessings, because of those, it is no wonder they are now planning another attack in the once hopeless battlefield”

With the evening passing, the curtains of darkness descend and the shadow of the fortress rises. Before the gate you could see the shadows of the vast amount of troops deployed that spread because of the burning bonfires. A number of shadows gather.

“Yeah. There are some scholars that say this is a trap of the demon race. But even so, this place has sipped too much blood. Limia and the empire can’t back down anymore”

Another shadow stands along the shadow that said those words as if complying with it. Those words had a sense of surprise and in a part of it, self-derision as well. The voice that was slightly low came from a slim woman.

“I think that attacking from other places is also an option though. Well, I support this plan as well, there are numerous friends of mine “resting” in this place after all”

The shadow that is on standby a few ways in the back also opens his mouth. A man. He is in favor of bringing down this fortress, but he clearly states that this is an emotional decision of his.

“There are also an uncountable amount of knights that have fallen. This place is an unavoidable point we have to pass in our process to defeat the demon race”

Again, the two shadows, this time it is the shadow that is behind the girl who talked first. The owner of the voice is again a male. Because of the sound of rubbing metal, one could tell that the man is wearing armor.

“4-times blessing and the hero huh. I understand that we are in an advantageous position but… I just can’t brush off this bad feeling”

“What a stupid thing to say. Soon there will a dinner assembly with the empire. Your bad feeling will come true”

From the lined up shadow, an incredulous voice is directed.

“Ahaha. I didn’t feel this way with the spider so it may be needless anxiety. It could be because I just don’t like the empire’s hero called Tomoki”

“Who knows Hibiki, I saw him as a good young man though. He seemed like he was quite young but level-headed. An intrepid youth, is what I thought”

“Ah, I concur with Wudi. For me, he looked like a favorable person. He was a youth that has a strange attraction to him. Even though he looks like that, he can use a variety of magic tools and in the battlefield he can hunt tens to hundreds of demons. As a hero, he is incredible”

“We don’t know Hibiki’s taste after all. If I hadn’t met with Hibiki first, I may have become that boy’s sword. I felt the same majesty of a hero I felt from you”

“I… I am in the same mind as Hibiki. I didn’t like something about him. I feel like that person is different from Onee-chan”

The girl called Hibiki, thinking that she would be disproved by everyone else, one voice of support called out. A shadow that is smaller than the other shadows. A voice that one could tell it is young.

“So the only ally I have is Chiya-chan huh~. There’s no need to worry, I won’t be putting my personal feelings in the battlefield. Then let’s go for dinner and then sleep. We are going to attack at late night right?” (Hibiki)

Late at night, or more like, doing a dinner assembly just a few hours before? How relaxed, is what Hibiki thought. Is it because that is just how much they expect from her and the other hero? Or is it because they are confident in that so called 4-times blessing?

It is also for doing a last confirmation of the strategy, but under the pretext of a dinner. Feeling a bad presentiment combined with the hero of Limia who she still doesn’t know much about, Otonashi Hibiki looks once more at the bonfire.

(I will bring down that place. The demon general is a power type giant with 4 hands. We and the empire troops, no matter which group meets it, the heroes will reunite at where the demon general is and strike this huh. It is predicted that the military force of our combined troops is approximately five times that of the demon race side. Moreover, if we count the halving of their power, it is essentially 20 times? I don’t understand the numbers in battle but 20 times is a number that brings peace of mind. But well~ the fortress’s intensity is not halved, so it is not like we have an advantage in terrain. The 4-times is something that counts as a whole right? Our side is doubled and the other is halved. So then, if the demon race just negates that “halve”, the advantage will only be of double) (Hibiki)

In terms of tactics, the demon race is better. She remembers those words from a meeting. There is no need to even do a final confirmation. Getting the blessing, attacking from two directions and if the top appears, use the heroes to defeat him. A simple thing. For some reason, because of the wishes of the empire, the attack was turned to a night assault.

The demon race knows the hyumans movements by a certain degree, is what Hibiki thinks. In that case, there should be some sort of action that differs from all the situations before, and yet, there is no reaction in sight. Ominous.

In this world there is magic. If so, even without having cannons in the fortress they should be able to suddenly rain attacks resembling those of cannons from their side. More like, I am overthinking things, is what she thought. Taking into account the applications, she can’t even estimate what kind of magic they have.

That kind of uneasiness is probably what was making Hibiki have a bad presentiment.

—

“Welcome, Limia’s hero-sama”

Approaching the pavilion, the pondering Hibiki was greeted by a cheerful voice.

“Ara, isn’t this princess Lily? Thank you for going to the trouble of meeting me. I am honored to be invited in this occasion” (Hibiki)

The smiling Hibiki stops her thoughts and speaks out her previously arranged words by reflex. For the sake of not being discourteous, her companions and the nobles accompanying them were taught a few things. The girl kept in mind to use polite words.

The other party is the princess of Gritonia, a major power that possesses at least the same scale in influence as Limia Kingdom. No matter if she is a hero, as an individual, this person is not someone you can act impolitely. Hibiki felt nervous.

“I am of the same sentiment. Sorry for having called you out here. We have prepared a little service to you and the people that will be your comrade in arms. This night please recuperate your energies” (Lily)

While being perplexed by the rare event of having a royalty guide her, the hero of Limia follows the girl’s steps.

In the round table that was prepared, there were already a number of people seated.

When they saw Hibiki’s arrival, those people stopped their conversations, stood up and met the princess and the girl being guided by her.

“Hi! It is before the nap but, let’s enjoy the meal without minding about ranks!”

“Now, Hibiki-sama, this way please”

Following the princess, Hibiki is assaulted by a melancholic feeling. It is because of the words that were directed at her. Just how light they were.

Furthermore, the empire is strangely not saying anything about what was said, making her feel sickened. That her own companions didn’t show any sort of displeasure was also eerie.

As expected, Hibiki was guided to the vacant seat directly beside the seat of where the empire hero, Iwahashi Tomoki, is. There were no other places to sit beside this one. To refuse the seat that the princess has guided her to would be an act of impoliteness. Moreover, the ones who said there is no need to mind about ranks, are people that don’t forgive impoliteness.

While sighing in her mind, Hibiki shows the princess a well-made fake smile. And faces Tomoki.

“Thanks for your consideration, Tomoki-kun. It will be a night warfare but, let’s both do our best” (Hibiki)

Common words. Hibiki already knew Tomoki was younger than her even when it is the first time they have met, so she decided to call him with the suffix –kun.

“We are used to night battles so it is okay. We might even be able to cover Limia’s side as well” (Tomoki)

“That is reassuring. We don’t have that much experience in large scaled night battles so I am expecting much from your side” (Hibiki)

“Moreover, this is a mid-boss fight. Let’s end this in one sweep and have the Goddess praise us. Ah, I wonder if she will give us more powers” (Tomoki)

“Now that you mention it, the blessing speech is done by Tomoki-kun right? Will I be able to meet the Goddess again? I haven’t met her since the first time, and there are a lot of things I want to ask her” (Hibiki)

Hibiki felt like the situation she is experiencing is different from the situation the Goddess herself explained, so she wants to meet her again. Even though she has power and divine protection, the only time she has talked with her is in the very beginning.

She felt an uncomfortable feeling at Tomoki’s “mid-boss” words, so Hibiki changed her thoughts to the Goddess and maintains her smile.

“Ah, also, what level are you now Hibiki?” (Tomoki)

Tomoki suddenly asks Hibiki her level. The other members were being guided by the chamberlains, taking their seats and respectively chat and bring the food that is served into their mouths. Hibiki is also taking part in the meal but can’t properly taste the food. She wasn’t in the mood of enjoying the meal.

The only one that looked uncomfortable was Chiya who had the same opinion about having an unpleasant feeling of Tomoki. And a girl from the empire’s side that was about the same age as Chiya, began talking to her and bit by bit she indulges herself or so it seems.

“Me? I am 430 now” (Hibiki)

“I see. I have become 605 now” (Tomoki)

“Heh~ that’s impressive. And that’s how much you have participated in the battlefield” (Hibiki)

“Yeah. That’s why, Hibiki-san, you may be 3 years older than me but, could you please not call me with –kun? There is no need to go as far as calling me with –sama, -san is fine maybe, when talking to someone that is stronger” (Tomoki)

(Who’s the one that said there’s no need to mind about ranks?!)

Hibiki desperately tries to hold back the tsukkomi she wanted to do. The 100% fake smile on her face was now showing signs of crumbling.

“I-I am sorry. I am still using the customs of the other side to talk. From now on I will be careful” (Hibiki)

“Nah, I don’t mind it though. Also, I am sorry but, I don’t like formal speech” (Tomoki)

(I am just adding –desu. There’s no way I would expect formal speech from you who is saying “domo” and “ore”! And also, if you don’t mind it, don’t mention it! Isn’t it fine to just let it go then?!) (Hibiki)

“I don’t mind about formal speech anyways, so it’s okay. It is fine to just talk the way you like” (Hibiki)

“Is that so? Iya, that’s a big help. I was insecure of when I would mess up you see. We are going to do a swift attack on a demon general today, so I was thinking about having Hibiki-san and the others accompany us from the beginning, how about it?” (Tomoki)

In a sense, this is a conversation between the representatives of both countries. This is a link for diplomacy, is what Hibiki thinks. Even so, she felt like her head would split from anemia because of his words.

If this were the other side, the other world, such a kouhai taking that kind of attitude would get a proper sermon. Or could it be that the current middle school students are all like this? If that is the case, she is grateful to have been able to come to a different world. There is no better blessing than this.

“… It is a pleasant proposal, but we have to encourage the people of Limia and participate in battle. When the time comes, I will rush okay?” (Hibiki)

While feeling her own expression twitching, Hibiki was somehow able to pass the dinner assembly, also called as the patience test.

Just one person, Chiya, was preoccupied by Hibiki’s state. When the dinner assembly ended and they left the pavilion, they returned to their own camps and the girl worriedly approached Hibiki.

“Hibiki onee-chan, are you okay? Should I serve you tea to calm down?” (Chiya)

“Chiya-chan, geez, just how much of a good girl are you! If that idiot were to have this much courtesy, the story would have been a bit different!” (Hibiki)

The other members didn’t understand why Hibiki was angry and could only tilt their heads.

“Hibiki, could it be that you don’t like the food of the empire?”

“If that was the case, you should have told the other party or it will conversely turn as discourteous Hibiki-dono”

Hearing the words that were way off the mark, as expected, even she had to stop her steps.

“Eh?! Just how serious are you saying that?! How come the conversation didn’t turn into how rude that Tomoki was to me, isn’t that weird you guys?!” (Hibiki)

Chiya also agrees with Hibiki and nods several times.

“W-What is it you are so angry for? Tomoki-dono went through the trouble of holding a comfortable dinner assembly, said that he would provide us support in the fight, moreover, he casually pointed out to Hibiki about using –kun on a higher ranked person. And after that, wasn’t his trustworthy proposition nice?”

Naval, the woman warrior that Hibiki considers as a companion the most in the battlefield, releases words as if counting a short story.

“What were you seeing on that full-throttle rude machine to reach such conclusions?!” (Hibiki)

Hibiki is astonished by her own companion’s words. Even Bredda and Wudi, who normally warn Naval when she says too much, were agreeing with Naval’s words.

(What is this? Are you telling me everyone turns weird when they meet him?) (Hibiki)

Even so, Chiya and I were alright. Just what in the world is going on? Hibiki didn’t think she would have to ponder about how to talk with her companions in order for them to understand. She began thinking there was some sort of reason for it.

“Well, let’s leave that aside for now. I got a bit out of control. Okay, let’s sleep. The fight is close after all. Chiya-chan, let’s sleep together” (Hibiki)

Pursuing this point at present will not get anywhere. When they sleep and wake up, the war will have begun already. She understands that she should not bring unneeded discord.

When Hibiki returns to her bedroom with Chiya, she was deeply moved by how easily she was able to fall asleep.





Chapter 69 - Hibiki’s Distress


The battle silently began.

Finishing the ceremonial-kind of speech with the Goddess without any problems, both the empire and kingdom troops were given the Goddess’ blessing. At the same time, the demon race is supposed to have received the half curse.

Hibiki felt uneasy thinking that the Gritonia hero would do something stealthily, but it was practically him reading directly out of a paper and the speech ended without any suspense.

The kingdom’s troops began their advance just as scheduled and made contact with the enemy. Hibiki and the others, who were quite a few ways behind the frontlines, felt the air of the battlefield with their skin.

But the situation was a bit different from expectations.

It is certain that the allies’ strength increased quite a lot. Even Hibiki who was half in doubt could see in plain sight that the spell’s power had literally doubled.

However, she didn’t feel as if their enemies were halved. It is not like Hibiki herself entered the battlefield to confirm but, they didn’t seem weakened to the point of being halved.

Even so, the progress of the battle was going favorably. The hyuman side had charged a number of times in the field and were scattering the demon race as if ripping scraps of paper. There was not even a single instance where their side was forced back.

It was a progress that would make one think the only thing left is the inside of the fortress. The kingdom and also the empire pushed their troops until the front of the fortress. The front part of the fortress that was widely open by the demons themselves. Consequently, there were quite the numbers that began flooding the fortress.

The morale was high. It was just a matter of time before they could assault the inside of the fortress.

But all these chain of events in the battle were done without the assistance of Hibiki and the others, and the empire has not made any reports of the 4-armed general appearing. All these points made Hibiki have doubts. The alarms inside Hibiki’s head were ringing at full force. They are trying to tell Hibiki something.

“Ne, Naval. This is kind of weird. No matter the circumstances, this is way too easy. This place is the impregnable fortress right?” (Hibiki)

“Yeah, there’s no way this will end without us doing anything. Could it be that the empire’s hero-sama is doing quite the participation?” (Naval)

Hibiki cleanly ignores the last part of her words and just puts the point of view of the fortress in her mind. Even the mercenary who has a lot of experience in the battlefield, Naval, felt this strangeness. It may mean something is really going to happen. Her instincts are trying to tell her something, but because of her own lack of experience, she is unable to think of anything. That is irritating.

“But! As long as we conquer the gate, the battle will be decided! Soon we will be able to drop the Stella Fort! Finally we will be able to do the first step to revive Elision!” (Bredda)

Bredda was in a completely excited state. He was in a state where there is no way he can think rationally. Even Wudi who was in line with Chiya had an unusual expression of excitement while looking at the battlefield.

Chiya was getting a bit used to the battlefield, but she still held fear of the air in it. It was like she was somehow able to stay firm by staying at everyone’s side.

That’s right, Bredda and Wudi’s state told about the battlefield. Literally an assault right from the front. In the battlefield there was already no empire nor kingdom. They hold slightly different directions, but both troops collected in one at the fortress and were heading to the gate.

“I just can’t brush off this bad feeling. Wudi, Chiya-chan. Just in case, prepare a suspended spell formation for defense barrier and high-speed movement” (Hibiki)

“But doing that for everyone is impossible. It would cost me an eye to even do our surroundings” (Chiya)

Chiya’s fainthearted statement. The amount of magic power doesn’t directly relate to the range a spell can reach. She was not good at expanding the area of her spells.

“If it’s only the party, I can cast the high-speed movement. But all the unit is just impossible. I am not a spirit after all” (Wudi)

Wudi, on the other hand, didn’t have as much magic power amount as Chiya. Even if he is able to control it, the useable magic power couldn’t handle it.

“Then I don’t mind if it’s only us. We are doing nothing anyways, so please” (Hibiki)

While having puzzled feelings, the two of them accept the request of the hero. They form the spell and leave it in a standby state. They are still a hero party after all. This level of feat is possible for them.

(If it were me, what would I prepare? The thing I would do if the empire army and the kingdom army gathered in one place would be…) (Hibiki)

Hibiki ponders. The cliffs at both sides of Stela Fort. It was originally a fortress that worked as a bottleneck. Rather, she didn’t understand why the demon race had the front part of the fortress, which was narrow to begin with, open before the battle, making it easier to assault. To have soldiers stationed on the cliffs and have them attack from above. But that is already something they have been doing. The army received attacks from the upper part of the fortress and the cliffs.

What she thought about next was the difference in height. The fortress is in a high position and the hyuman troops charged from the low part of the hill road. But it isn’t a slope with that much of an inclination. From the present condition, it looks like one could use falling rocks on the front gate, but there is no plausible reason in having the enemy get so close to them just to do so.

They could also inundate the castle, but a lot of water is needed to do so. Just like the falling rocks, it feels like they are taking into account the season.

(Could it be… the one where walls on the left and right close in like in the movies of treasure hunters? That is exactly what one would use when the enemy is advancing in a narrow path. Just what in the world do they plan on doing? Well, if I can at least make it so we can return to the camp, we should be able to cope with most of anything that could come… probably) (Hibiki)

In the first place, the strategy this time had a lot of points Hibiki didn’t understand. And it is not only related to the enemy army. It is also about the hero that in the moment her companions got involved with him, they began singing praises. She just couldn’t understand. It is true that Hibiki didn’t have that much experience in night warfare, but if they are going through the trouble of doing it, at least they should do it when the moon isn’t out. And if possible in a cloudy weather with few stars, that way it would make the plan more solid, is what Hibiki thought. It seems that the Empire was pretty adamant with the day, but even after the plan started, Hibiki couldn’t understand its true meaning.

While thinking that, she looks at her own army.

This is madness. This was truly a space where madness took control. Even though the longed for fortress is right in front of their eyes, the soldiers that are in the front line could only see the gate and the capitulation of it. Moreover, in the battlefield before the gate that should normally only have front line soldiers, there are units from the middle area and even spell casters that should be in the rear. Furthermore, the same was happening with the Empire’s army.

In front of the demon race fortress that stole their friends and family. For Hibiki, this place hasn’t stolen anyone from her but, she began to understand a bit the meaning of those words from the madness that they were releasing.

(This is… war huh. Even if I understand it, it is still hard to bear. To be received with praises and shouts of joy because of killing) (Hibiki)

Even the calm Naval showed a flame in her eyes that couldn’t be hidden. The only ones feeling fear were probably Chiya and herself, is what Hibiki thought.

She saw the demon race as enemies, as existences that must be eradicated, is what she believed and thought she understood. But she didn’t notice that from a whimsical thought, she was unconsciously counting the demon race’s deaths as human deaths. These are remains of the way of thinking from her previous world. Speaking the truth, for Hibiki, the demon race’s outward appearance were those of a human being.

(No, it may be the same with Tomoki. He is a person that was originally from Japan after all. That is only if his attitude before was just him *pretending to be tough*) (Hibiki)

On the boy that looked like he trusted too much on his level, Hibiki fixed a “probably” on him while thinking. Living in a world where you wouldn’t normally get to see the death of people up close, there is no way one can adapt in this battlefield so easily after all.

“Ah, the gate is…”

“Opening!”

Naval and Bredda’s words. Hibiki thought those were her own words, but she felt relief that it would end in just her pointless fears.

The welling up yells of the united hyuman troops resound in the battlefield like angry roars.

At that moment.

The pointless fears that Hibiki had thrown away, had suddenly become real.

The ground… collapsed.

In a fortress that is on the top of a gentle hill road, just before the gates the ground opened up. Everything of it.

As if taking the yells of the hyumans as a signal.

It collapsed in a breath. Saying it more precisely, it disappeared. Below it, darkness. Even when taking into account it was night, the scenery below still felt like a deep hades.

A silence of a few seconds. So that ground was already a product of magic huh. There weren’t even sounds coming from the ground that “collapsed”.

(The ground… dissapeared?!) (Hibiki)

Was it surprise or stupefaction? A strange space with the voice of no one spread in the battlefield.

Just how many managed to understand that the ground had disappeared just like the Limia hero?

“Wudi! Chiya-chan!” (Hibiki)

Hibiki had prepared just in case, so she was able to react faster than anyone else. It was a situation where the two spells prepared could serve. In a situation where one would normally ask for the high-speed movement support magic only, just in case, there was the suspended magic formation above prepared by Chiya. A fine play from Hibiki.

After another few seconds later, the spell activated and Hibiki’s party was able to avoid dropping. A faint light blue barrier is activated as well and a magic defense dome was created.

“Aaa… aaahh…”

The voices of the falling allies were heard by the party.

There is no way to know how far this hole continued on, but since they didn’t prepare any countermeasures for it, the result that was awaiting them could already be predicted.

Looking at it in an objective way, half of the soldiers that went mad and entered the frontlines had disappeared in a second.

At the reality that one could only think of as absurd, Hibiki couldn’t utter a word. The only ones remaining from the kingdom’s army were the spell casters at the rear guard, the bow unit and the knight units that were positioned with the nobles at the center.

Partial destruction… no, a bigger damage than that.

While constantly praying that the ones who fell were able to cope with it somehow on their own, Hibiki, without caring about the place, yelled out words to her party as if trying to suppress the scream that was trying to come out.

“Wudi, for now return up! Please try to move as much to the rear as possible. Naval and Bredda will come with me and find as many units remaining as possible, Chiya maintain the barrier okay?!” (Hibiki)

Hibiki looks up. It is something to be expected but… arrows and stones, as well as spells of many colors began to rain at them.

“… Naval, Bredda. Change of plans. Until we are able to return up, intercept! Come out as well Horn! We are going to survive!” (Hibiki)

While Hibiki calls from the silver belt the guardian wolf beast, Horn, her words were also to encourage herself.





Chapter 70 - Heroes Reunite


While flying through the sky throwing shining lights out of his godly spear at the demon race and burning them off, the empire’s hero, Iwahashi Tomoki, was in a state of confusion.

Literally the moment when the gate opened and were in the phase where they would assault the fortress and take the head of the general…

The people in the surroundings disappeared.

When looking below, there was a crazy big black hole. People, weapons, a part of the demons as well. Having a dispersed look as if seeing a CG, people were being sucked up by that hades.

The hostility that was being directed to him. From the opened gate, Tomoki noticed the magic shot and he used a destruction light from his godly spear to disperse them all. At the same time, he remembers something important.

About his comrades.

Ginebia, Mora, Yukinatsu.

The comrades that fought alongside him and protected him.

Tomoki activates a necklace-shaped sorcerer tool and searches the surroundings. He soon finds a reaction of the three.

Because of the silver boots the Goddess provided him he was able to float in the air without using magic power, so he was able to invalidate that crazy trap, but his comrades were standing in the ground normally.

Because of that he was the first target of the attacks, but with all the overwhelming equipment that was clad in his body, it was nothing.

“Did you fall you three?!” (Tomoki)

Saying that, Tomoki pursues the reaction. The reaction of the three was a bit below. Thankfully, it was practically on the same place they were.

When he reaches them, they were all gathered up in one place and floating. But that spell may have been incomplete, they seem to be slowly lowering.

“You are slow Tomoki! The replica of the silver boots is not complete so if there is something heavy we will fall!”

“Oi Yukinatsu, are you referring to me? I can’t just let that slip by”

Ginebia, who is wearing a plate mail and is clearly the heaviest of them all, lifts an eyebrow and reproaches her comrade’s words.

“Don’t fight. The two of you are heavier than me after all!”

““Of course we are!””

A third voice rings into the conversation that seemed like it would transform into a dispute and the two answer with the same words. Compared to the chibi girl Mora, the difference in height was clear.

Thanks to the creation of Yukinatsu, who came from an alchemist linage, the three somehow were able to save themselves. Tomoki also strokes his chest in relief.

The exchange between the three also helped as an ingredient to calm down.

“I am glad that you guys are fine” (Tomoki)

“Tomoki… I am your shield. I won’t die without protecting you” (Ginebia)

“Don’t frankly make that kind of face, so embarrassing” (Yukinatsu)

“We are totally fine!” (Mora)

Because of the heartfelt words of worry from him, the three appeal their wellbeing with blushed faces.

“What a grand way they got us with, how cocky for a mid-boss. Mora, call Nagi please. For now we will retreat. Without confirming the situation we can’t decide to continue the battle” (Tomoki)

“… You are right. Just how many soldiers did we lose here?”

“What an absurd trap. The one who made it is crazy in the head”

“Understood, I will call Nagi” (Mora)

“Yeah, I am counting on you. There will probably be quite the amount of attacks coming from above anytime soon. Ginebia and I will block every single one of them, you can do it right?” (Tomoki)

“Of course. I won’t let you nor Nagi receive a single wound. Don’t underestimate a royal guard” (Ginebia)

“Thanks, Ginebia” (Tomoki)

Mora continues chanting an aria at her jewel, and while in the middle of giving his thanks to Ginebia, below the party that was slowly falling, a dragon was summoned. A type of flying dragon that possesses giant wings. It’s Nagi, who Mora controls.

Its emerald green scales are beautiful, a medium class dragon. It is also one of the individuals that are the closest to Mora.

“Nagi, go up! When we reach on top of the hole, we are going to retreat to the back. Please!” (Mora)

“GYAU” (Nagi)

On top of the dragon, while deflecting the attacks that rain, Tomoki reaches in front of the gate.

“What in the world, even the road at the back has become a hole. The rear guard is really the only part remaining” (Tomoki)

“Tomoki, let’s try to save as many people as possible by having them ride Nagi” (Ginebia)

Ginebia suggests. If they create a barrier around so the people don’t get blown away, the space Nagi has to carry people is still quite enough. These were words that had taken into consideration this fact.

“Ginebia, that is no good. First we have to return as fast as possible and report this to Lily. That is the highest priority” (Tomoki)

Tomoki rejects Ginebia’s suggestion. For him, it would just be unnecessary luggage and the mobility would decrease. A result he didn’t desire.

“But!!” (Ginebia)

“For a while now I haven’t been able to get in contact with Lily. Also, this is war. Because it is war, it is fine to just fight as much as the amount of people that died in order to repay them” (Tomoki)

“Tomoki… I am sorry. I became emotional” (Ginebia)

Just like how they have done until now, Tomoki’s words enter Ginebia’s heart and body as if permeating her. She was able to accept his words’ logic quite naturally.

“Don’t mind, it is fine if the usual Ginebia has returned. Now then, let’s go back!” (Tomoki)

“Wait Tomoki”

“What is it Yukinatsu?” (Tomoki)

“Is it fine to not look for the hero of Limia and the others?” (Yukinatsu)

Even in a battlefield that has fallen into chaos, is it fine to not confirm the safety of one of the two figureheads? Is what Yukinatsu tries to ask.

Even if she is a hero, in a situation like this, it is not definite that she was able to deal with it calmly. No matter if retreating is the priority, it is not strange to ask about the Limia hero.

“Hibiki huh. She is also a hero. She must have managed something by herself. Me being worried about her may actually turn into being rude to her. It seems she is a “Senior Onee-san” after all” (Tomoki)

Just because the said person isn’t there, Tomoki calls the other hero, who he was calling with –san a few moments back, without any suffix.

“I see. If Tomoki has something planned then it’s fine. Let’s go” (Yukinatsu)

“Yosh, Mora I’m counting on you” (Tomoki)

“Okay! Nagi, do it!” (Mora)

“Nice. But since we went through all the trouble of coming here…” (Tomoki)

Tomoki turns to the opposite direction of Nagi’s orientation, in short, he faces the fortress. What he prepares is his favorite God Spear. The cone-shaped riding spear is enveloped by light and, in time, everything shines.

“This is payback!” (Tomoki)

Determining his aim, Tomoki releases the power of his spear at the gate that was trying to close. The light that straightforwardly travelled enters a gap in the closing gate… and created a thunderous roar.

“Quite the aim there”

“Oh… Sniper!”

“Onii-chan, nice~!”

To the ovations of the three, Tomoki makes a “this much is easy” face. Just in case, he uses the necklace to check the surroundings.

“Otto. It seems the Limia Hero and the others are alright. They are over there” (Tomoki)

“Oh. Heh~ you are right. Maybe I should make a replica of that necklace next. That is pretty convenient” (Yukinatsu)

Yukinatsu, a bit slower, uses something resembling a binocular to confirm Limia’s party. Knowing that Tomoki used the sorcerer tool to search the area, Yukinatsu showed the greed of a researcher. Prove that she was now a bit more composed.

“At a later time okay?” (Tomoki)

Feeling a bit of discomfort in being a guinea pig of Yukinatsu, Tomoki responds in a vague way. To make a replica there is a need to have the sorcerer tool activated and observed for long periods of time. That time is quite a pain for him.

“You are still unable to contact Lily-sama?”

Ginebia asks. It is natural for her to be worried about the wellbeing of her other master.

“Yeah. I may be repeating myself but, does this world have the so called jamming?” (Tomoki)

The latter half Tomoki whispers it as if talking to himself. While they were flying, they catch up with Hibiki and the others. As expected of someone riding a dragon, even though Hibiki and the others were the first ones to escape, Tomoki’s side was faster.

“Great to see you are safe Hibiki-san. Your side’s movements are a bit dull, did something happen?” (Tomoki)

“… Is your detection ability low? It is the long awaited demon general” (Hibiki)

Thinking that Hibiki and the others just didn’t have enough strength to use the transmission, Tomoki points out their dull movements, but his face stiffens at her response.

Instead of the cold tone of voice of Hibiki, Tomoki shows shock at the words demon general.

“Demon general you say?! At our back?!” (Tomoki)

“That’s right. Moreover, he politely said he will wait for us to reform. Words you wouldn’t expect from someone who set such a trap. And so we are in the middle of having the rear guard fall back as fast as possible. Understood?” (Hibiki)

As fast as possible. Hibiki returns a begrudging tone at the insensible words of Tomoki.

“No way, just how…” (Tomoki)

“Who knows? They must have used a hand we don’t know yet. By the way, more than the demon general, it is the fact that I can’t get in contact with the troops that are supposed to be at the rear at all. Incredible huh, it seems the demon race is able to obstruct our transmissions. Meaning, there is a chance the demon race can intercept thought transmission. How unpleasant” (Hibiki)

“Jamming and… information leak. Isn’t that fatal?” (Tomoki)

Tomoki seems to have understood the situation. He spews out gloomy words.

“And? What will you guys do?” (Hibiki)

“What, you say… about what?” (Tomoki)

“If we encounter the demon general it will be a joint front, or at least that’s how it’s supposed to go right?” (Hibiki)

Up to this day, this is a first. Or more like, this is the first time Hibiki has smiled at Tomoki from the bottom of her heart .

“The situation is different isn’t it?! This should be the setting where we cut up the enemy encampment as fast as possible and escape right?! If we continue the battle like this, we will head straight to the bad end!” (Tomoki)

“Setting… setting huh. If that’s the case, you guys escape. I will believe that the unit at the rear will do a pincer attack with us and defeat him. Well, if we were able to contact each other we would be able to cooperate in the escape though. In terms of strategy this is totally our loss. To be honest, I have taken an interest in that demon general” (Hibiki)

In these kind of scenario, Hibiki feels a conclusive gap in Tomoki who was talking as if he were in a dream or illusion. Hibiki feels a part of her is looking at him in a cold way.

And in a part she is happily talking as if having fun. Tomoki also shows puzzled eyes as if looking at such a living being for the first time.

“You… are you an idiot?” (Tomoki)

“No way. Also, I didn’t ask you to cooperate right? In any case, you and I have bad compatibility. The selling point of you guys is the mid-range fire power. Most of my party is close quarter. Your side shows best performance when fighting against big numbers, our side when we fight against fewer. Even if we fight the same opponent, I think our steps would be different” (Hibiki)

(Also, the attitude)

Hibiki secretly adds.

“In short, you are saying we can’t form a joint front?” (Tomoki)

“I’m just saying there is no point in doing so in this case. I just don’t see the merit of uniting. I don’t like being shot by my allies” (Hibiki)

“… Then, it is fine right?” (Tomoki)

“Yeah. Just, lead the troops and use that fire power to clean up as many enemies over there. If you do that, it will make it possible for more surviving units to escape. We will take the opened path and attract the big-shot. Role division. Let’s go with that in this case” (Hibiki)

“Understood. If you say that much, make sure to nail the demon general okay?” (Tomoki)

“Of course” (Hibiki)

The conversation with the two heroes finishes.

A slight meeting takes place in both parties.

Numerous times, voices of objections sound.

And those grew lower in time. Both sides show will and determination.

The time the two armies clash once more… is close.





Chapter 71 - Ring


“Tomoki, Iwahashi Tomoki! Wait, weren’t you listening?!”

“I heard and understood everything! The moment where the enemy has his guard lowered the most is right now when our rear guard is sluggishly falling back! I will open you your path so shut up!” (Tomoki)

The dragon takes the lead and Hibiki’s group chases.

“The retreat has not finished yet and if we do something like begin the battle again it will only expand the damage of the units! The enemy has already been deployed and waiting, there is no way you can expect that much negligence from their side!” (Hibiki)

“If there is just a bit, that is enough! We are in the battlefield. Everyone is prepared to die! Hibiki-san, you are way too soft!” (Tomoki)

“Don’t mess around! What are you trying to achieve by deepening the chaos in your own team! We should find the escape routes that are possible and see how many units we can use…” (Hibiki)

“A geez! You are noisy! Don’t you understand?! A hero is a figurehead and that will serve as a salvation! This way more people will be saved! It is obvious which one is more beneficial! We are special! Chosen ones! If you say you want to die, do as you wish. I don’t care about that self-satisfaction. I will do your part as a hero in Limia as well so don’t worry!” (Tomoki)

Hibiki’s group is taking the road where the rear guard should retreat and Tomoki is riding a dragon to mobilize. Their natural speed is clear and the distance between them slowly widens.

Words already couldn’t reach. In the path they have taken there is only scorched ruins. Even if their speed can’t be compared to that of when they are fighting, the difference between a dragon and a person can’t be filled so easily.

“What a guy. Isn’t encouraging the troops, standing in the battlefield as a standard-bearer, the way a hero should be? For him to try to save himself no matter what. I won’t approve that” (Hibiki)

“But Tomoki-dono has a point as well. If we lose you, Hibiki, in this battle, the thousands of people you could have saved will no longer be saved. Your life is far more important than the hundreds of soldiers we are looking to save here” (Naval)

“Naval, shut up. I don’t want to hear anymore. I won’t ask. Because I still want to stay as your partner” (Hibiki)

“Hibiki-dono…” (Bredda)

Hibiki shakes her head horizontally at Bredda’s words.

“This is one way as a hero. I understand that is what you want to say. That our job is to survive at any cost. But I don’t like that. Also this can also be called a way of surviving in a fatal situation. In the middle of fighting the enemy general, if there is an opening somewhere, we will escape at once. That is what I am also thinking. I know this is optimistic thinking though” (Hibiki)

She knows this is quite the wishful way of thinking, even so, she doesn’t want to say this is completely hopeless directly from her mouth. A decent reconnaissance has not been done. Then she at least wants to have this much hope. It is also the naïveness of Hibiki who was raised in modern society.

“It doesn’t change the fact that we got the short end of the straw, but someone has to do it. There is the chance the demon general will surround the remaining troops. If you tell me that is the responsibility of a hero, that is certainly true. Yareyare” (Wudi)

Wudi. He may have seen the hero way in Hibiki’s actions, it seems he had resolved himself to what was to come.

“I will do my best. I won’t fall down in the middle like last time!” (Chiya)

Chiya. Remembering the time with the black spider when she dropped out and left Hibiki all by herself, she brings out her fighting spirit.

“I am sorry, the hero I chose is Hibiki. I will accompany you till the end” (Naval)

“Me also, I won’t be defeated so pathetically like last time. We are the five that pushed the calamity away. Something like a demon general, we will be able to deal with him somehow” (Bredda)

Naval and Bredda.

Tomoki, while burning the demon troops with overwhelming fire power, slows down his pace and Hibiki confirms his location.

Is he waiting for her, or is he just having difficulties. No matter which one it is, she won’t accept the ways of that hero. That is what Hibiki decided.

Increasing her pace by one, the girl runs down the gentle slope and finds a messenger soldier. She makes her way to where he is.

“T-This is hero-sama! Just as instructed, we are having all troops retreat!”

Feeling deeply moved to have a heaven descended person, the hero, pat his shoulder, the young messenger soldier returns an upright and firm salutation.

“Thanks for your hard work. I am sorry for the continuous changes but, I want you to send a message to the generals of each unit. To stop the retreat and silently reorganize. Me and the Gritonia hero will open a path to escape so follow us” (Hibiki)

“That is…”

“I understand. They can’t change their movements so constantly. But please. Also, tell the same thing to the Empire. In this kind of situation, there is no Empire nor Kingdom. We are definitely going to open our way” (Hibiki)

“… Yes, understood ma’am!”

He breathes deeply and slowly exhales it.

Seeing the running man that is hurrying to spread the message, Hibiki does one deep breath.

Silently closing her eyes, instead of resuming her breathing, she envisions the future. This is a habit she does whenever she is about to have a match with a strong opponent in kendo.

“Let’s go!” (Hibiki)

Hibiki’s party runs through the corpse-filled path that Tomoki has opened. It’s vexing, but this kind of destruction power deserves a special mention, is what the girl thinks. This is a feat Hibiki wouldn’t be able to accomplish. At least not in this short amount of time.

Taking into account the mobility of the dragon Mora called, coupled with the sturdy defense of Ginebia that is riding it, the high firepower of Tomoki who is using sacred treasures, and also the one providing support to Ginebia’s defense and Tomoki’s firepower, the one utilizing a replica storage and mass producing golems with alchemy, Yukinatsu.

Their figure when destroying the barriers the demons create with surplus and pushing on is fierce. As long as their barriers can’t resist, it would mean the only ones that could stop their advance is someone who has a good amount of power. In short, this means that they are able to shine indefinitely against these demon soldiers.

Just how many are feeling uncomfortable by the fact that this man is only opening this path just for obtaining his own safety. This is what Hibiki thought while looking at that far back.

“These are the last two!” (Tomoki)

Even the unit that was in front of the 4-armed general and wielded relatively high-class equipment were being burned down by the enhanced mowing light that was being shot from Tomoki’s spear. And the blaze that Nagi breathed out also minces the soldiers that try to approach. It seems it was spewing out an invisible wind blade.

The ones who thought about grabbing the flying dragon to obstruct its movements were scattered by the golems. People, beasts; the lifeless dolls that donned different forms didn’t permit the approach of anything.

“What an inelegant hero we have here. Looks like a kid raging at a party”

Releasing his crossed arms, the light purple skinned giant makes a fist. To be about three meters in height made him a small one in the Giants race, but the muscles that were packed in that body and the overpowering aura that spread out showed that he is a demon who is befitting of his title as a general.

The words that he directed to the hero also carried weight. It was calm yet heavy. And the presence of the 4 fists he made were also quite the thing.

“We don’t know about the inelegant part! Aren’t you the one with the broken head, going barehanded in combat?” (Tomoki)

Tomoki throws a light as a substitute of a greeting.

“Mun!!”

The demon general, with one hand, intercepts the dark cleaving light.

Meeting a collision, the light disappears. But the arm that was used to intercept this attack was burned black and had lost its base form.

“… As expected, one hit won’t be enough huh. Well, your opponent is another one. With this I am bidding sayonara. There’s no way I would lose if I fought, but I have to keep my promises you know!” (Tomoki)

The surplus-filled Tomoki and the others change direction, avoiding the front where the demon general is and beginning their attack on the troops at the left side.

“I won’t let you do that! Mu!”

The demon general tried to chase Tomoki, but feeling something, he looks at the path where Tomoki had appeared in.

A something clad in crimson light and crescent moon shape was approaching. As if running after Tomoki who is riding a dragon.

“Hoh~, this one looks like a warrior. Did you get a chance to learn speech?” (Four arms)

Whispering amused, the demon general scatters away the red attack with one hand. The figure of Hibiki wielding a sword clad in red is now in sight. In that clash of powers there wasn’t a single wound in his arm. This was prove of the difference in firepower between Tomoki and Hibiki.

“Did I make you wait? If the one that came here before me did something impolite I apologize but…” (Hibiki)

Maybe he was not taking into consideration the male hero from just a few moments ago anymore, with a ferocious smile in his face, the figure of him waiting for Hibiki’s arrival was truly imposing.

“Nah, he was a really hyuman-like hero. Because even when words got through, it was impossible to establish a conversation” (Four arms)

Severe sarcasm.

“It annoys me that you think that is the obvious reaction a hyuman would have” (Hibiki)

“Then you prove it. However, it won’t be with words, but with your skills” (Four arms)

Against the giant that puts his fists on the front, Hibiki looks at his face and prepares her bastard sword.

“Of course, I will do so. I am Limia Kingdom’s hero, Otonashi Hibiki” (Hibiki)

“Well, well, how polite. I am the demon army’s third group general, the demi-giant Io” (Io)

The demon general that had his eyes wide open for a second because of Hibiki’s self-introduction, returns it with his own introduction.

“We may be outnumbered, but still, we will win. Even if we look like this, we were able to drive away the calamity after all” (Hibiki)

“The spider huh. I have heard the report. It seems you guys are quite capable. Also, outnumbered is a misunderstanding. I promise I will be the only one fighting the hero and her party” (Io)

“?! Wait, he has one arm burned off and he still says that?” (Hibiki)

Looking at the charred arm that is probably unable to be used at all, the girl stops her movements from the surprise.

“N, ah, this isn’t even worth calling handicap. Fuhm” (Io)

Small cracks appear in the charred arm. With one swing of it, that charred skin was brushed off and an arm appeared as if nothing had happened.

“… Is that the so called, high-speed regeneration?” (Hibiki)

“That’s right. Well, it is not in the absurd level of the black spider, so I might not match expectations though” (Io)

“You have made me remember an unwelcomed memory. Also, it seems you know quite a lot and set up such a trap!” (Hibiki)

“This time I had a lot of things pushed onto me so. I am not fighting just for myself here. That trap was the idea of the fox woman that calls herself tactician” (Io)

The scorn of Hibiki is answered by Io with apologetic words. The regeneration ability is not something he obtained to pester but something he was born with and the plan was planned by someone else.

He himself likes to fight fair and square by clashing their abilities. He is a warrior from the core after all.

“Are you telling me the one who holds the responsibility is someone else? Isn’t that dirty?” (Hibiki)

“Fufufu, are you provoking me? It’s not like I am trying to escape the responsibility. Also, I am planning on becoming a hero by defeating thousands of hyumans you know? There is no need for me to let achievements slip my hands. If I obtain subordinates by climbing in ranks, I end up unable to fight in the way I desire. That is the only thing I wanted to say” (Io)

Letting Hibiki’s words slip, Io shows the simple but good quality ring on his thick finger.

“What? An engagement ring?” (Hibiki)

“No no, what a funny joke. I am single. This is one of the things I said before, something that was pushed onto me. They told me to use it to snipe the hero. Right now the two of you should be in range, a nice time to use it. *Ghjkop \ kkjjgf*” (Io)

With the unknown words he used as a signal, the ring crumbles as if made of clay.

“… What?” (Hibiki)

The strength in her body feels like it is seeping away. The strengthening that she obtained with the blessing, she felt like it was coming out from her body. Not only that, the wolf that was by her side protecting her, became dim and disappeared.

“Hoh. It really showed effect. With this I can finally see our world coming to fruition” (Io)

The giant, seeing the wolf vanish, opened his eyes wide and makes a satisfied smile.

“What… did you do?” (Hibiki)

“I tried… erasing the blessing of you guys. It seems to only work for a limited time though. I was holding my breath, but it seems to have worked. What a splendid result” (Io)

“You blew away the God’s power with that one ring?!” (Hibiki)

“It has a crazy cost and it’s disposable. An incomplete product that is barely able to be of use in limited situations. Anyways, having something like a 4-times curse, do you really think we would just stay biting our fingers? First of all, did you think we were halved in this fight? I am sorry to say this but, we have already made countermeasures for your curse. To plan thinking you are fighting the same opponent as 10 years back, not even a fool would do that you know?” (Io)

“Uh” (Hibiki)

That’s true. If I were to be affected by a 4-times curse, I would try to do something about that first, is what Hibiki thought as well.

“Now, Hibiki and the others. Let’s begin. Please show me the power of a hero. Show me that it is a power that can reach the Demon Lord!” (Io)

A truly elated voice resounds in the battlefield.

Hibiki and Naval advance as an answer. In a distressing situation where one would normally retreat, the fight of the demon general and the hero began.

—

“Hibiki, what is that girl doing?!”

The impatient voice of Tomoki is heard from the top of the dragon flying in the battlefield.

His body had suddenly become heavy. It felt like his body had become even heavier than before, like a limiter had been put on himself. But what is important is not that. The problem is that the spear and boots as well as the armor were not showing any reaction.

The necklace that is being used as storage can be activated. But everything else showed practically no reaction. The armor that he could barely feel any weight from and had showed numerous defensive effects, had now become a mere heavy armor. When this happens, even the rubber suit that he had on as a foundation felt uncomfortable.

Practically every single weapon he called from his ring showed no reaction. The only thing that showed a response was a thin sword.

For him who is not suited at close quarter combat, this equipment was pointless. It wasn’t a weapon one could use when in a mounting state anyways.

The one responsible for this irregularity is probably that demon general. In that case, it means this was caused by Hibiki’s ineptitude.

(Is the power of the goddess sealed?! Is it okay for an opening boss to have this kind of power?! Or more like, if I can’t use the power that the Goddess gave me, then isn’t… the demon eyes in trouble as well?! I have to escape from this place as soon as possible!) (Tomoki)

But Tomoki who had thought until that point, notices an important reality. That if the Goddess’ divine protection has been lost, the most important condition has been lost as well. Tomoki looks at the sky.

(Don’t tell me, could it be, could it be, could it be! The immortal state is also canceled?!) (Tomoki)

Blood rushes to Tomoki’s head.

This is no joke. If that is really the case, the point of choosing night would turn meaningless. It is because even if things turn to the worse, he still had this immortality to rely on. That’s why he accepted to participate in this wide-scale operation.

He wasn’t sure, but with reasoning was enough. The fact that he might die with just a stray bullet in his current state.

The fear of death begins to take control of him.

(No good, if I stay in this kind of place I will die! But if I were to get agitated and go back… At any rate, the affection points that I had painstakingly racked up, if I were to retreat now… Well, no matter. If I am released from this state, I will be able to get them back anytime. Even Nagi, if it were to die, I just have to capture a new one. I have to retreat even if by force!) (Tomoki)

Being unknown to death, he had obtained equipment of the highest class and had behaved strongly in the battlefield. Even if his level is high, he hadn’t experienced the death and life situations that fit that experience. This kind of reaction was no surprise.

Up until now, when he thought there was a chance for him to get shot, he would only come out at night when the moon is out.

“Tomoki, what’s wrong?” (Ginebia)

“Ginebia, the situation has changed! We are going to return as soon as we can to where Lily is!” (Tomoki)

Ginebia, who was concerned about Tomoki, was repaid with a yell.

“B-But what about Hibiki and the others? And everyone from the Empire? I think if it’s just cover, we can still do so safely” (Yukinatsu)

“Shut up Yukinatsu! I am worried about Lily’s safety, I have a bad feeling. Anyways, just hurry! Nagi, hurry up!” (Tomoki)

A lie. The thing about Lily and about having a bad feeling. Right now he was only praying for his own safety.

“Onii-chan?” (Mora)

Losing her words because of the sudden change, Mora simply mutters. This is the first time she has seen such a side of him.

Seeing Tomoki, who has begun talking about returning as if he had lost his mind, the three companions began having doubts. But those three had already accepted his order of retreating once, even if he has become impatient and forceful, there is no way they can decline at this point.

“Hurry! We are going to leave this place!” (Tomoki)

“U-Understood. Nagi, we are going all out! Do your best!” (Mora)

“No helping it. It doesn’t seem like we can fight until Tomoki calms down anyways. Ginebia, I am counting on you. Aaah geez! I will also prepare myself to go in the red by doing a giant release of golems and replicas!” (Yukinatsu)

“Roger!” (Ginebia)

The three, who were basked in the demon eyes close to the level of being prisoners, were now released from that curse temporarily but all of the effects piled up until now tied up their bodies. Just as how Tomoki planned, all of that piled up love is now binding them.

While Hibiki and Io’s fierce battle continues, Gritonia’s hero overtakes the enemy lines and heads to the Empire’s camp, to the tent where Princess Lily is waiting.

If they can at least pass the enemy lines, there won’t be other obstructions. It seems that even though the demon army was deployed at the rear of the united army, they haven’t reached the point of controlling it yet.

The time needed to reach the campground they sortied out from wasn’t that long.

“Tomoki-sama, so you were alright! Ah, what a relief!”

While being injured, Nagi was finally able to arrive at the destination and because of all the fatigue it didn’t even fold its wings and just fell to the ground. Seeing the hero that got down from it, Lily quickly ran to his side and while giving him a hug, she gave words of happiness at his return.

Tomoki, released from the grasps of death, loses his strength in relief. Sweat came out all at once and his body couldn’t stop trembling.

“Princess, to have let such an error occur, please forgive me!” (Ginebia)

Ginebia falls onto her knees and apologizes at the princess that continued her hug. Promising victory at their departure and then returning by themselves, just how unsightly this is.

“Ginebia, arrange the report of the situation. Come to my tent. Someone, come and take care of Mora’s dragon. It is incredibly exhausted. Mora, thank you for saving everyone” (Lily)

“Tte, wait! Isn’t there anything for me?!” (Yukinatsu)

Yukinatsu. Seeing the princess giving out prompt instructions but not being mentioned anywhere, Yukinatsu did a tsukkomi even when the other party is a princess. It was an act that proved their close relationship.

“Yukinatsu, looking at your state, it seems you have done quite the expense. But for you to choose your comrades over money makes me really happy. If you give me the full list of what you used, I will bear full responsibility of it so rest assured. Go and take a most deserving break” (Lily)

“Expenses in these dangerous situations don’t matter. More importantly, in this situation what we need right now is someone that can see the whole battlefield and give clear instructions. Can you do it?” (Yukinatsu)

Yukinatsu looks serious and Ginebia lifts her head and agrees.

“I understand. That is why I came. In the end we ended up going back immediately though. Tomoki-sama let’s return. Please tell me what happened as well” (Lily)

Lily glances at the battlefield. And soon turns her body and returns to the campground.

While hearing the report from Ginebia, Lily soothed Tomoki, cheered, comforted, healed. She also confirms the situation of the battle from his mouth.

(It completely became a losing fight huh. In that case, no matter what kind of damages the empire receives, what’s important is to withdraw. Luckily the Kingdom’s hero seems to still be fighting, so let’s have the Kingdom’s army work as our shield. The Kingdom’s strength will also be chipped, so two birds with one stone. Thinking about it, if the Limia hero dies here, the future would become much easier for me but… this would be too greedy. Our hero somehow managed to return without breaking and we have understood a bit of the demon race’s moves and tactics. As a harvest, this is enough. It was originally fine if we didn’t win anyways, so let’s leave it at this. Also, the empire right now should be… Fufufufu) (Lily)

“Tomoki-sama, you have gone through a lot. Because of my own lack of ability in information gathering I have made you pass through such a harsh time. I am truly sorry!” (Lily)

“Lily. It’s fine, even Limia didn’t know anything. More importantly, should I have acted together with the Limia hero? With the two of us, the chances to win might have been higher” (Tomoki)

“No! The stupid one is that mockery of a hero, Hibiki. The existence called hero gives hope by living. To die for the sake of relieving her own satisfaction is just abandoning her duty. Tomoki-sama is a special one, if you were saved by the sacrifice of thousands of soldiers, it would still be cheap. It was the right decision. Please have more confidence in yourself” (Lily)

“… I see. You are right! If I die nothing will come out of it right?! Thanks Lily, I will have more confidence and I will become even stronger!” (Tomoki)

“Yeah, get as strong as you want. Lily will always be at your side Tomoki-sama” (Lily)

(If the Goddess’ divine protection is suppressed, in the current state, there is almost no worth in using “this”. Seeing the compatibility of sorcery tools he has, I think it is better to increase the amount of items that have as much use. Having weapons stacked inside the ring storage that he doesn’t even use would just get in the way anyways. How troublesome. That pathetic sight he showed this time is out of the question. The clean up will be such a pain. Being blessed with such an environment and having that equipment as well as level, he still shamefully trembles. The hero the Goddess gave us is seriously thrash) (Lily)

She deeply embraces Tomoki once more. While having a slight cold shine reflected in her eyes that the other three companions don’t have.

(The empire soldiers that personally saw our hero’s pathetic figure are mostly dead already. In the case they return, we make them experiment materials. Doing that, the result will be the same. We will obtain silence. The guns tend to explode a lot and to complete them we need a lot of people after all. No matter how many we have, it won’t be a problem. For Stella, we will let it sleep for three months… No, around half a year. Even if this was part of their plan, it’s still true that we were able to assault the outsides of the gate. If our side manages to talk smoothly, we should be able to buy that amount of time) (Lily)

Lily arranges her thoughts.

Stella Fort recovery plan failed. Using the Limia hero that decided herself to hold back the enemy, the Empire troops withdraw from the front. The Kingdom’s army wait for their hero to escape and work as a rear guard while retreating. Barely escaping from the demon race’s dirty trap, the Gritonia hero apologizes to the citizens and promises a comeback.

This being the result of the current strategy, the princess concludes and controls the truth of the information her own army should know. Getting in contact with the Kingdom’s officers, they decide on the process of their retreat.

With the information in disarray and not being able to contact the front lines at all, the information of Gritonia hero being the only one who returned was used as a weapon by the princess and, manipulating in the shadows, the results came out instantaneously.

The actions of Hibiki backfired completely. The information that the hero directly brought out weren’t lies, is what the Empire’s princess made them think and the Limia officers that received this information, while crying and giving praises to Hibiki’s decision, happily accepted the task of being the rear guard. Not only that, one unit of young people stood up and asked permission to rescue her which the superior officer gave his authorization. Princess Lily, maybe because she didn’t consider this as anything that would bring trouble to her plans or because if she denies them she would bring doubts, only cried tears and gave praises at their bravery before departing.

Thus, by the time the sky was turning gray, the united army’s retreat began.





Chapter 72 - Furtherafter


“It’s morning huh. You guys really persisted” (Io)

“When cornered, anyone would show power surpassing their limits” (Hibiki)

The surplus-filled words of Io were answered by Hibiki with a reckless shout while dodging attacks.

“That is wrong. Being able to show power surpassing your limits only happens when you have properly grown and trained. You guys are truly skilled warriors. It seems I was misunderstanding the hero a great deal” (Io)

The compliments that came out indifferently from his mouth.

3 meters, from a normal person’s point of view this could be called quite the height. Using this body so agilely, he showed feats that would make first rate martial artists grief.

“Power-type trunk” was quite the misconception. Hibiki felt hatred from the bottom of her heart at the idiot that made such an analysis. These were movements of someone that has polished his body.

A giant that one would normally think would use an axe or stick on his various arms and mindlessly swing them around. The real thing was completely different.

“The attacks don’t hit properly! This guy has a worst disposition than the spider!” (Naval)

Naval’s scream. This is true. The flashes that she has been releasing have not passed properly as attacks after all. Since the beginning, the attacks of her have gotten his arms from different angles a number of times, but not even his skin was scratched. Moreover, he won’t let attacks on the same spot reach. He deftly shifts and with some kind of method, he makes the edge slide off his hardened skin.

“Don’t self-depreciate yourself that way, white woman. Even though it is powerless, it is truly a splendid sword technique” (Io)

“Are you pretending to be a martial arts instructor?! Gu wu wu!!” (Bredda)

Bredda goes to where Naval is and jumps to divert the trajectory of one of his arms’ attack.

“An instructor huh! That sounds nice. People like you that can take my attacks for so long are rare. How about it? Want to come to the demons side? Tto” (Io)

Io uses a step that makes it look like he shifted his body’s direction in an instant to change his position. In the space he was previously in, a something made out of magic power passes by.

“Why are you able to dodge invisible wind?! Can you read the aria?!”

“That’s wrong, wind user. If one knows how much magic power is put in it, one is able to read most of the attacks that come. The place it is aimed at and the place it will activate, your eyes tell me that information” (Io)

This could be called an action brought by his enormous amount of experience. No matter if he says it, there wouldn’t be many who would be able to actually do it.

“I will have you let us move forward once and for all!” (Hibiki)

“!! Nicely done!” (Io)

Because of Hibiki’s sharp charge, Io is somewhat pushed back. But it wasn’t like Hibiki had reached the level of a demon general, it is just that his pre-established settings of her true abilities were beginning to be surpassed, that’s all.

To surpass the estimation of a general with vast amounts of experience is not something a normal person could do, but this was only a slight surprise for him.

A definite feedback is felt from Hibiki’s hands. The feeling of her sword reaching to her bones. Hibiki’s sword was able to slice one of Io’s hands till the middle.

“Oh, admirable. But how do you plan on surpassing the next barrier, hero?” (Io)

“… I can’t take it out?!” (Hibiki)

“If I tighten my muscles, you won’t be able to take out your sword. And so, your movements will stop as well!” (Io)

“!!”

Hibiki understood what would happen after this.

She instantly separates from her sword. This is an action stemming from Hibiki’s trust of her instincts.

A dull sound. This was the first attack she had received in this battle. Moreover, this is the first attack she received since she came to this world that didn’t have a single divine protection from the Goddess.

Hibiki flies like a pebble being kicked off. Chiya runs after her at once.

“Ga-ha!! U… go ho… wu…” (Hibiki)

(It hurts! It hurts! It hurts! It hurts!) (Hibiki)

Hibiki’s thoughts get dyed in one color. Is this the effect of losing the Goddess’ divine protection? For a moment, Hibiki thought this way.

(Hurts hurts hurts! But! Not having the Goddess’ divine protection doesn’t matter that much! Because I was able to move with not much change. The problem is him, Io. He is just way too strong!) (Hibiki)

Being almost controlled by the sense of pain, she tries to manage, even if for a bit, her reasoning. Think. For now just think. And so, Hibiki, for the sake of returning to her senses, continues to think while squirming.

(Even my bones are broken. What was punched was my stomach huh. To hit the stomach of a woman, how ungentlemanly. It seems there is a need to punish him. Ah, my mouth is filled with the taste of blood. It feels like it is coming from my throat. So lucky there is magic in this world. In normal circumstances I wouldn’t be able to eat food tonight, but with healing magic I can even go for meat. I am lucky) (Hibiki)

With her still disarranged thoughts, she tries to avert her attention from her wounds. It seems that the self-recovery magic that was activated in the moment was steadily showing effects, her pain was slowly softening. Having Chiya’s healing magic on top of it, both spells synergize and accelerate the healing speed.

While still being unsteady, Hibiki stands up after a short while.

“At that instant you let go of your sword and, even if imperfect, you were even able to put out a barrier huh. I shot that one with the expectations of making you mincemeat though. Truly well done. You have genius-level sense” (Io)

“How will you compensate if I end up unable to bear a child? And also, mincemeat you say, how gore. Don’t joke around!” (Hibiki)

“What a lively girl. Have your sword back. It may be a pointless thing for you to do but, how about trying to look for a better sword?” (Io)

Hibiki receives the sword that was thrown out. Of course, the sword wound in his arm was nowhere to be found anymore.

“… When tomorrow comes, I will listen to your advice” (Hibiki)

As usual, the words that showed no sense of tension were somehow returned with impudent talk.

“If you guys live to see tomorrow, you will have a place to return. Those two premises are impossible” (Io)

“?!”

The demon general’s nonchalant words. However, pointing out their place to return, Hibiki and the others uniformly open their eyes wide.

“Oh, so you get surprised as expected. Right now a detached force is advancing to Limia” (Io)

“Don’t mess around! There is no way the capital will fall with a single unit!” (Bredda)

Bredda is the first one to object. For the demon race to defy with one unit, there is no way Limia Kingdom would fall so easily. Knowing that the fires of war were approaching his birth place, his appearance clearly changed.

“You are right. The scale is around two thousand. In normal circumstances, this is not a force that can be used to attack a major power’s capital” (Io)

In Io’s words one could feel pity. He sighs. While affirming Bredda’s words, the latter half stirred up anxiety.

“What did you do?” (Wudi)

For Wudi, whose family is in the capital, these words felt like someone pouring cold water on him while sleeping. For him who wants his family as far as possible from this war, something that should not happen at any cost is about to happen.

“Magician huh. Well, it’s just that I have reliable reinforcements that’s all. A power that can even overwhelm me is accompanying me” (Io)

“Is the demon army a jack-in-the-box? If there are people like you crawling all around, the hyumans would have been annihilated a long time ago” (Hibiki)

Hibiki’s sarcasm. But her words didn’t show any composure.

“Hero. That’s just how desperate we are. Now, let’s close the curtains of this act. I will not forget you guys’ bravery. Driving away the spider with only 5 and being hyumans to top. The fact that all of you came out alive tells that your strength is the real thing. There was a time when my best friend and I tried to make it retreat, but I ended up letting him die. A blunder of the young me, I truly regret it” (Io)

“?!”

He doesn’t answer Hibiki’s words, he just declares the finale of this fight. Also, the driving away of the calamity spider that worked as an emotional support for Hibiki and the others, Io points out that this wasn’t an experience they alone had achieved.

It seems there was quite the effect. A clear unrest spreads in the hero’s party. Words that hinted Limia’s ambush and that he had repelled the spider. There is no way Limia’s hero and her party would not get shaken from this.

(… I am thoroughly naïve. If I do an effort of 10, I will certainly get a 10. Thinking that, I came. I am putting my life on the line here. I should have tried my best by 100, 1,000, 10,000 times! I should have done that!) (Hibiki)

What can she do in this despairing situation?

Defeating Io and saving the capital. As expected, she could clearly declare this; that it is totally impossible.

Not enough. The power needed is absolutely not enough. For Hibiki, this was the frustration she was originally looking for. This was the step after desperate effort that Hibiki longed for. Therefore, obtaining this, her answer was obvious. No good.

Having sweat on her cheeks and hair over her face was simply irritating for her. The girl that tried her best and still lost. That was exactly the wish Hibiki had, but the girl began to understand what comes after in that path.

That’s right. The reality of what will happen after a hero loses. The girl, Otonashi Hibiki, began to understand the reality of her existence being a center of hope. Her defeat is not limited to only herself anymore.

At times, there are fights in the battlefield that one simply cannot lose. Being raised in a peaceful land, Hibiki, who had thought this was just a fight in a different world, began to see the reality in it. That she couldn’t continue thinking as she has until now.

A feeling of defeat that was not on the level of when she was defeated by the black spider was now enveloping Hibiki. For the time being, the whole party was still in a condition that can still fight. But the fact that they don’t feel they can win, slowly breaks their heart.

“!!”

Far.

At a distant place.

In the direction where the Limia capital is in.

A golden light of giant magic power proportions splits apart the clouds and pierces the ground.

Of course, this was a happening that occurred in a faraway place. This was a phenomenon that one could see with their eyes, but to estimate the amount of magic power that light had was something Hibiki and the others couldn’t do from their location.

The only thing they could tell was that an intense pillar of light appeared, and it was golden in color.

But what happened? It was a situation that only rolled into the bad side. Hibiki tries to forcefully put her mind together.

“What is that?!” (Io)

It seems Io also didn’t expect this to happen. This made them feel a bit better and they could still hope for the better. The words of dismay that the demon general showed for the first time, sounded like music to Hibiki’s ears.

“That may be a plan to reverse things. Everyone! Just for a bit more, let’s struggle!” (Hibiki)

“I will accompany you!”

“Of course!”

“My magic power is not dried out yet anyways!”

“I’ll do my best!”

Of course, there is no way they have such a convenient reversal plan. Everyone understood this.

But even so, the companions that answered the encouragement won’t surrender till the bitter end. This is the strongest weapon that Limia’s hero and her companions possessed.

(Wudi-dono, I am sorry. Can you give me a bit of your time?)

(Naval-dono, what is up?) (Wudi)

Receiving a thought transmission from the girl that was standing with her blade beside Hibiki, Wudi responds without breaking his concentration. A contact from Naval, something that one could count in one’s hands, surprised Wudi.

(This situation… there might be a way to escape from it) (Naval)

(What?! So you need my cooperation for it right?) (Wudi)

(Yeah. I… can’t ask this of Chiya) (Naval)

(… Let’s hear it) (Wudi)

(I am a vanguard that against sturdy opponents can only do the job of getting its attention. I have low attack power. Even though I tried to look for a strong weapon, it is as you see) (Naval)

Naval continues her movements just like before, dodging Io’s attacks while attacking. Seeing her attacking the parts where his defense looks weaker continuously, one couldn’t feel the weakness of her words.

(I think putting a demon general as the basis is a bit of a rash self-evaluation though) (Wudi)

(No. I myself understand this. But for the weapon searching I have troubled myself so much with to be useful here) (Naval)

(What are you trying to say?) (Wudi)

A conversation held out while Wudi is providing support as well as attack magic. The two of them, without breaking their concentration in battle, were continuing their thought transmission. A show of how much ability they possess, proficient people.

(Yeah, I got my hands on a secret plan that will explosively increase one’s strength. And a method to obtain immense attack power as well. It is sad that both of them can only be used once) (Naval)

(… Naval-dono that is…) (Wudi)

(A magician like Wudi-dono may already know of it. The fragment of a rose, Rose Sign, and a death god’s note, *Deadly Word*; is what they are called. Quite the amount of magic power is needed to prepare its activation and it is something I can’t use, but it is something you should be able to easily accomplish) (Naval)

(I refuse. Such a method, Hibiki-dono would not approve of it either) (Wudi)

(There is no need to tell me, I know Hibiki would be against the idea. But, you understand right? That the escape of the hero is something that has to happen. In a sense, the decision of Tomoki-dono is more adult than Hibiki’s) (Naval)

(Guh! That is, certainly true…) (Wudi)

The hero, Otonashi Hibiki, is an existence that must not be lost. Even if one takes away the battle power as a hero, that charisma and way of thinking, and in times their casual words that one can obtain ideas from, all of those are things that the Kingdom needs.

(That’s why, I ask of you. I want you to please let me save Hibiki. You also want to live and reunite with your family right?) (Naval)

(?! Those words… that is underhanded Naval-dono. … Which one are you planning on using?) (Wudi)

(Thanks! Since it is like this, I want to use both. Fighting with the Rose to the bare limit and then finish it with the Death God) (Naval)

(The… two. You have resolved yourself up to that point? … Okay, I will use my all to help you. When given the signal, I will take everyone immediately and show you how I shake off the soldiers at a speed so fast that won’t even let them react to it) (Wudi)

(So you were already aware of my last request huh. I am grateful. Truly… grateful) (Naval)

Taking the chance when she avoids the giant’s attack, Naval moves to the back of where Bredda is positioned in.

“Sorry, Hibiki, Bredda. I have thought of a trifling plan so, is it okay to leave it to me?” (Naval)

“Naval! If you are saying this and leaving us two to fight against this monster, it must mean you have quite the confidence right?!” (Hibiki)

“Merciless, this lady is merciless!” (Bredda)

Of course, the two of them spit out complains one after the other. Their faces were filled with expectation, so they were not truly against the idea. Naval smiles at the behavior of both. For the girl that almost never smiles, this was an unusual happening.

“Just for a bit, I am counting on you guys!” (Naval)

Naval falls back to the rear where Wudi and Chiya are. Wudi had a strained and resolved expression. Chiya had a pure face filled with motivation. Naval, seeing both of their faces, smiled gently.

“Wudi-dono, please” (Naval)

She takes out an earth-colored object the size of a coin from the bag hanging at her waist. It was a form that seemed as if the so called “Rose of the Desert” had become smaller.

Next, a single note. It had thickness, and in the material that could make one think it is cloth, a pattern is engraved.

Seeing the two items taken out, Wudi lowered his brows and sighed deeply. Because the two items were the real deal.

“U-Uhm! What should I do?” (Chiya)

Chiya wasn’t able to understand the situation and asked the two people that had faces as if they knew everything.

Even though she is still young, she is still able to pay attention to the two comrades that have been left to deal with the giant while she talks. Chiya herself still didn’t know but, this is quite the growth.

Hibiki, knowing her hair was going to get in the way, cut it short. She learned about the sword from Naval and magic from Wudi. Seeing that sister-like existence, Chiya tried her best in her own way for the sake of walking beside that person forever. Continuously experiencing the battlefield, Chiya had grown well.

“Chiya… is okay. Just concentrate on those two” (Naval)

“No. Chiya, do your best in providing support to Naval-dono. Cast a strong spell that you won’t need to reapply for a long while” (Wudi)

“U-Understood!” (Chiya)

“… W-Wudi-dono” (Naval)

“Now then, next is the Rose Sign huh. How are you going to sneak the note on him?” (Wudi)

“I will coil it around the handle” (Naval)

“Then let’s fix it as well. You remember the activation key right?” (Wudi)

“As expected, that would be no joke. There’s no problem” (Naval)

Maybe he was trying to soften the mood a bit, the party’s magician smiled and made a light question which was returned with a wry smile.

“… I wasn’t saying that with the intention of a joke though. If you are heading to a once in a lifetime stage, you must worry about those small things just in case” (Wudi)

Magic power flows from Wudi’s hand and the earth-colored item that was in Naval’s hand dissolved into a liquid state and gets absorbed inside of her.

The support magic that was filled with Chiya’s fighting spirit had also finished casting.

Naval, sensing power flooding her body, her shoulders tremble. In the beginning she thought it was because of the efficacy of Chiya’s support magic, but this power that knows no bounds, ignoring the comfortableness of the user, this violent-like power is not something that this small girl’s magic possesses.

“I have confirmed the activation. Start” (Wudi)

The business-like and firm voice of Wudi reaches the ears of Naval. There was no need to tell her, her eyes were already facing the battlefield, at Io.

Her white hair flows in the wind and the back of her neck is revealed. At both sides of her neck, something was there. The pattern of a crimson-colored rose.

“… Rose Sign. Something that I didn’t want to see on a friend if possible” (Wudi)

“… Wudi-dono, this is my wish. Don’t make such a face. Then… I’m going!” (Naval)

From the whole body of the running Naval, a dim radiance is being released. In that figure that would normally be seen as beautiful, Wudi looks at it in pain, as if wanting to cry.

“Uhm… What was the plan?” (Chiya)

“It’s something like the preparations for a sure-kill technique” (Wudi)

“Incredible! Naval-san could use such a technique?!” (Chiya)

Seeing the innocent happiness of Chiya, Wudi stops kneading his magic for a bit and looks at the sky.

“… Yeah. A one-time use” (Wudi)

He whispers.

That voice dissolving into the darkness.





Chapter 73 - Decision in Stella


“W-What?!”

The swordswoman that had fallen back had now returned, her body clad in radiance.

The attack that Io used as a feint was evaded in a speed that was clearly at a completely different level from before and, just like that, her sword travels to his flank.

Tightening his abdominal muscles, the attack that was repelled until now had brilliantly cut the body of the giant and blood flowed.

“It can cut!”

“Naval, what kind of magic is that?! I will also go to the rear and have it casted on me as well!” (Hibiki)

“Hahaha, Hibiki that is impossible. This needs a special catalyst after all! Just obediently provide me support!” (Naval)

Naval stops Hibiki who was already trying to head to the rear.

“Wu wu, if you had such a trump card, you should have used it faster! You are sparkling and look beautiful too~” (Hibiki)

“We are pushing hard!”

The speed of Naval was originally higher than him. Even if Io’s strategy is to freely move his sturdy body with fluent body techniques, against the hyuman whose height is different and excelled his speed, it was impossible to evade them completely. Now that her attacks were connecting properly to damage, the schema has made a complete reversal.

Keeping a distance not too far yet not too close, she coils about the demon general Io while one-sidedly cutting him.

There was no chance for Hibiki to intervene, Naval was dishing as much attacks as she wanted. With her speed, there was no chance to follow her and the wounds continued.

Compared to the regeneration, the speed in which he received wounds was faster. But at this rate, it will never reach a fatal wound. The wound she did at the beginning in his flank has already healed. If there is something she can aim for, it would be the weakening of his strength by lost of blood. As expected, things like neck, chest and stomach; he didn’t permit her to aim at them.

Hibiki’s two handed attacks leave shallow cuts. She is changing into a style where his muscles won’t be able to catch her attacks. Putting slicing as her objective, she is moving in a way so the previous error doesn’t occur again.

But in that turn of events there is one knight that had practically stopped parrying attacks or stopping them. He looked at the battle with a dazed expression.

“… That is… Rose Sign. Are you kidding me? Why does she have such a…” (Bredda)

It seems he had noticed something, he turned to the rear where Wudi is.

Wudi, who knew the position of prince that Bredda possessed, could only turn his eyes away.

No one in the party except Wudi knows, about Bredda holding the position of prince. Because of that, there were a lot of chances where he obtained information other people would be unable to touch. In that information, there was also the reason as to why Naval was able to change this situation into an advantageous one.

A fragment of a rose, Rose Sign.

Its size is on the level of a coin, but in reality it is one of the magic items that holds terrifying power.

It’s a one-time use item and, when used, the pattern of a crimson rose will appear at the back of your neck. This is also one of the reasons for its name.

Its effect is simple. It uses life as food and forcefully brings out power. When it is born, it will slowly consume you until your death and will greedily devour that power you will never be able to recover. And so, it will provide the user with strength surpassing one’s limits.

The effective time is until that person dies. It is by no means a long time. That is to say, in exchange for a power that the user will never be able to obtain in his entire life, your death is set in stone.

“Calling such a thing… a plan? Naval, you are…” (Bredda)

A pure swordswoman like her can’t activate it. Bredda understands that. His thoughts reach at the conclusion that it must be Wudi or Chiya that cooperated with her.

(It is most likely Wudi. If it were Chiya, she wouldn’t be cheering so merrily for her. Is she going to such lengths to protect Hibiki-dono and I?!) (Bredda)

It is certainly not a situation where they could survive with the sacrifice of no one.

However, to take all the responsibility by herself and forcing her own death, it is something Bredda would never approve. The knight that faked his social position and joined the party, still didn’t have the way of thinking a royalty should possess. Sometimes it is necessary to sacrifice someone. This reality is one that a politician can’t avoid.

And actually, the effectiveness of Rose Sign is immense. Even in the present state, Io, who had been proving a difficult time for them, was now taking the defensive. He is someone that even with a handicap of 4-times blessing was still able to win.

“Ah, Naval! You must not, that attack is…!” (Hibiki)

There is no way to know if Hibiki’s warning reached her. Naval, who had jump up to the air, swung her sword straight ahead and got the demon general’s arm. And then, that sword continues unto its insides… and stops.

“I got you!” (Io)

Io wedged the sword and tightened his muscles. His opposite arm fires a powerful uppercut at Naval.

“Not yet!!” (Naval)

In midair, she puts her right hand on top of the left that is at the back of the sword’s handle and places force as if pushing her whole body. Naval, kicking the body of Io, uses that momentum to push the sword that had stopped in the middle and slices the bone and remaining meat.

The uppercut that was approaching her from below, Naval manages to put her feet on top of it and use that strength to propel her to the direction of the attack.

Io didn’t let out a single scream from having his arm cut off and didn’t stop his fist either. Nevertheless, one could clearly see that he was sweating and looking at his own arm that was now bleeding, he finally distorted his expression.

A blood spray that had never occurred was happening now.

“How scary, white woman. You said your name is Naval? Knowing an attack was coming and yet still greedily come to get my arm, moreover, kicking my fist and killing its power. Are you a monster of the sword?” (Io)

“For a demon general to call me a monster. It doesn’t feel bad. I now grasped the way to cut off your arms. If the arms that protect you are gone, it will be easier to make your head fly” (Naval)

Laughing fearlessly, she brushes off the blood sticking onto her sword. Her sword was already clad in a faint radiance and the white aura that she was releasing from inside her was steadily getting stronger. The shining aura flows to all sides as if dancing and then disappears.

“So there’s a hyuman magic I don’t know right? Honestly, I am deeply surprised” (Io)

“Well, I am surprised as well. At your power that I can’t overwhelm even when going to such lengths that is. As expected from a 4-armed giant race. You are one of those we call genius huh” (Naval)

“… I was originally a normal 2-armed giant you know? What you cut off is not one of my original arms” (Io)

Io responds to Naval’s praise.

“At that time when we were attacked by the spider, I couldn’t save my best friend. When I managed to repel it with my wound-filled body, I returned with his arms and transplanted it on me. It took a lot of time until I was able to move them properly though” (Io)

“Well, that was impolite of me then. I am sorry but I will have to finish this. There is also a fox woman right? From the 4 demon generals you are the weakest one. We can’t take our time” (Naval)

The light that was coming from Naval’s body surpassed its peak and was now weakening.

Maybe she is self-aware of this or maybe not, she once again begins her offensive.

“I am the weakest? Fumu, it seems you guys are doing a weird labeling there. Why would a weak general come to the frontlines? In terms of battle, I am the strongest one of the demon generals. There’s no demon general that can beat me in a one-on-one” (Io)

Against Naval’s fierce attack, Io limits himself to harden only the parts that he uses to guard and slowly manages to make them shallow. In these scene where blood is spraying here and there, Io seems to be calm, but in reality he is slightly reorganizing.

“That is good news then! If we manage to defeat you, we will be able to make a big step forward!” (Naval)

She didn’t even flinch at the words “strongest”. Naval goes full force at the demon general.

While handling the combo of fists, she puts force into the arm holding the sword and little by little, using full powered attacks, she maintains her distance while mobilizing.

In the middle of that, Naval does one step back and turns over her body. As if he had been waiting for this moment, she did just as Io planned.

(No good! Naval hasn’t noticed?!) (Bredda)

Bredda, who has been watching that fight with complex emotions, holds fears about Naval not being able to evade the next attack that is coming from the demon general.

It may be because Bredda receives attacks a lot, he is skilled at reading his enemy’s knacks.

This time, Io moved knowing that Naval would take her distance because she didn’t like how the situation was flowing.

“… A kick?!”

That’s right. Io hadn’t used a kick at all until now.

The distance it has is wider compared to a fist. The place where Naval is, is not a safe range anymore. She is within his range sphere.

In the space between them that she thought was safe, a fast kick that doesn’t fit the appearance of this giant was released. Avoiding it was impossible.

“You shouldn’t be careless!” (Io)

“Seriously!” (Bredda)

From the side of the released kick, a shadow appears.

Bredda, who had noticed Io’s prediction, moved to make a follow-up. From the front this attack is dangerous to defend, but attacking the leg from the side to shift its direction is something he can somehow manage. Bredda’s decision was correct.

Getting his kick’s direction shifted by an unexpected obstruction, of course, the balance of his body crumbles. Naval’s eyes shine with the desire to attack.

“I did it!” (Bredda)

Replacing the kick of Io, comes Naval. Her movements while spreading light powder were beautiful like a dance.

Io, who had read the aim of the girl accurately, leaves the arm that is supporting his body and uses the two remaining arms to protect his neck.

“I won’t get in the way! At this moment he isn’t even able to counterattack right?!” (Hibiki)

Hibiki forcefully cuts one of the arms of his and strikes his whole body. If it is at least cutting off one of the arms that are protecting his neck, it is possible.

“Hibiki, thank you!” (Naval)

Slipping through the arm that was left, Naval’s sword reaches Io’s neck.

“Nuu wu! Gu!!!”

She wasn’t able to make it fly off. It took her all to slip through his arm and release a punch.

But the sword of her, certainly got through his neck. The white radiance that was covering the sword was now shining faintly and only protecting Naval’s body.

The white swordswoman uses her remaining power to try and cut off his neck by placing force on the opposite side.

It doesn’t budge.

The sword that had gone through his neck didn’t move a centimeter.

“Praiseworthy. To think you would be able to do this much. I apologize for my impoliteness of thoroughly making light of you guys” (Io)

“… You bastard. That body is…” (Naval)

The purple skin of Io began to dye in pitch black.

“To think in this fight I would find an opponent I have to use my all” (Io)

The words of the black giant sent chills down Naval’s spine. The sword that had clearly reached to his throat by pressing all of the strength of both of her arms, was brushed to the side. The sword… broke.

Without minding that, she exchanged looks with Hibiki and Bredda and took her distance from Io. He didn’t give chase.

The giant, with the sword’s edge still in his neck, stays standing.

“… This is a joke right? Are you telling me from now on its stage 2?” (Hibiki)

Hibiki’s words are blurred. Until now it has been already been a plenty strong opponent that they could hardly match and yet, he becomes even stronger. There is no situation more despairing than this.

“No way. To not even use all of his strength when fighting Naval in that state” (Bredda)

Bredda’s words were of mortification, a person that has been filled with despair.

“Sorry there” (Io)

Io silently prepares.

“Wudi!!!!” (Naval)

The words of Io were drowned by Naval’s yell and resounds in the area.

Wudi, returning to his senses, quickly activates a spell he had prepared.

“Chiya, I will activate high-speed mobilization. Do a follow-up!” (Wudi)

“Y-Yes!” (Chiya)

The opened hands he placed to the front were retracted and tightly gripped at the same time. His eyes were firmly locked at Hibiki and Bredda. He didn’t look at Naval.

“Eh”

“Uah”

Both Hibiki and Bredda felt like they were pulled by something and were brought to Wudi’s side.

He closes his eyes. For the sake of reaffirming his determination.

An unexpected turn of events occurred, but he already accepted the predicted future he talked with her in the thought transmission.

The wide opened eyes of Wudi were only looking at the path the Gritonia hero took. There may be some soldiers blocking the way, but there is no doubt that is the place with less defenses.

He hoists his staff.

“Wai- Wudi?” (Hibiki)

He ignores Hibiki’s words.

On the contrary, with the spell activated on top of Chiya’s support, they retreat from the battlefield at a speed not seen before.

“Eh, Wudi-san! Naval-san is still!” (Hibiki)

“Chiya, you must not, at any cost, cut off the support” (Wudi)

“Wudi! What are you doing?!” (Hibiki)

“Bredda-sama. Please hold down hero-dono. I don’t mind if it is only for a short while” (Wudi)

Without hearing the opinions of anyone…

Wudi fulfilled his promise with Naval and used his magic at max power to bring the party outside the boundaries of the battlefield. The demon soldiers that touched the gentle green area that surrounds the party were cut into pieces, and coupled with their screams, they went at full speed. Even when they arrived where the Kingdom’s soldiers who were trying to save Hibiki were, they still didn’t drop their speed.

The moment the spell lost its effect, he didn’t speak a word and just fainted.

At the other side.

Io, who had understood the reason of Naval’s shout, ordered the soldiers to pursuit them. However, the party passed through the battlefield at high speed and it was quite the difficult order to follow. The ones who followed this order faithfully were turned into minced meat, the arrows were broken and the spells were blocked and avoided.

“Wudi-dono, I am truly grateful” (Naval)

“This is your plan huh” (Io)

With a bitter-filled expression, Io asks the hyuman woman left.

“Yeah, that’s right. My trump card is a bit dangerous you see” (Naval)

Saying that, Naval puts up her stance with her broken sword. The radiance that was rising from her body was already hollow, and what was left only dispersed.

“I can’t see you able to fight anymore though. Even so, you will continue?” (Io)

The words of the giant were like a sigh that resounded in the place.

“Of course. I haven’t used my everything yet after all!” (Naval)

The light in Naval’s eyes were actually stronger even in this situation. Holding tightly her broken sword, she reduces her distance between Io.

“Are you wishing for an honorable death?!” (Io)

“My life would have mercilessly and worthlessly fallen in the battlefield anyways!! I am able to decide my death place, I got a reason to die, and moreover, I am able to remain in the memories of an irreplaceable friend! For the death of the sword monster, this is a stage that is too good!” (Naval)

“Wha-“(Io)

Io was thinking Naval would evade his fist and advance to pointblank range. Seeing his prediction turn out completely different, he unconsciously voices out his surprise.

The demon general’s fist… pierced the girl. It’s an attack that anyone would be able to tell it is a fatal wound. Naval, who had a fist growing out of her back, just what was she expecting to do now?

The girl who was vomiting blood, raised the corners of her mouth.

“Come to me, Death Messenger” (Naval)

“?!”

Just before death, the whisper of Naval didn’t reach Io’s ears.

In an instant, the blue fire that spread out in his surroundings covered all his field of vision. The fire steadily converged onto him and her as if trying to surround them, turning everything that touched it into dust.

It wasn’t the vivid sky blue that refreshes one’s eyes…

It’s like the one you see after dusk, a dark and stagnant blue.

“This is… this is?!” (Io)

An ancestral magic that uses life as its price, is what Io concluded. Because she is a swordswoman, this possibility completely slipped from his mind. Now that the two who could use magic were gone, in a part of his mind he had set that there was no “magic” in her options.

Extremely high density blue flame balls were wrapping up Naval’s corpse and the black giant.

With an expression as if he would explode at any moment, he made himself smaller, and in the area, one could hear the shouts of Io. Maybe it took the increasing shouts of him as a signal, the blue flames showed a change.

In the moment they shone brightly, at the next instant, they created a large explosion.

The explosion was vast in range and the demons and hyumans aiming to retreat in the surroundings were caught in the blast.

A thunderous roar rules the entire area for a moment, a flame that burns the battlefield.

When the two of them vanished, a charred lump of something was left on the ground.

What was once Io.

With a form as if cowering, the charred body looked like a big rock.

Beside that rock, a blue skinned woman that appeared out of nowhere touched his hand.

She seemed like a demon, but in that face the horns that are their special trait are nowhere to be found. She had a slim figure and an extreme outfit that barely hid the most important parts.

She looked at the black lump with bored eyes.

“Io, wake up. You are not dead right?”

“…..”

“We still have the mending of the “Hades” so do it quickly. Even if we have concluded it beautifully, we still have to do the maintenance properly. Hey, wake up!”

The demon woman, who didn’t hold a sliver of doubt about his survival, kicks the black rock. It seems she was in a bad mood.

The scene where he showed Hibiki his regenerated charred arm, was once again reproduced but with his whole body.

“She did a good one on me, that woman” (Io)

“… As expected, you were still alive huh. To kill you would take quite a lot. Let’s return, we still have a lot to report after all”

“Yeah, go ahead first” (Io)

“Ah, is that so. Then return walking. To say such a cold thing even when I went out of my way to come and get you”

“… Naval huh. That name… I will remember it” (Io)

Io looks deeply emotive at the arm that was sliced by a single hyuman. The figure of the woman is nowhere to be found. Not only her body, even her sword and tools; everything turned to dust.

“Ah that’s right. The blitz attack on Limia Kingdom failed”

“What?!” (Io)

Hearing the unexpected words, Io’s voice gets rough. The actions of that woman called Naval were out of expectations, but the strategy as a whole should have been proceeding smoothly.

For the part he was the most confident to succeed to have failed, his reaction was natural.

“In the time you were turned into an ugly rock, a number of unexpected events occurred. And so, the other side failed. Later I will tell you the parts we could understand”

“That group of monsters… failed?” (Io)

“That’s right. Right now they are weak enough even we would be able to kill them. Just what in the world happened? If I were there accompanying them, I would have been able to see”

“I can’t believe it” (Io)

“Isn’t it just that in this world we don’t know what could happen? Even I, if these were how it ended, it wouldn’t be fun. If I knew this would happen, I would have killed the Gritonia Hero. The effect of the ring was instant on that side. He became a small fry in a breath”

The woman that was already flying in the sky, without hiding her bad mood, throws casually at Io words that could be taken as a monologue of her. Afterwards, he returned to Stella Fort alone.

Maybe he wasn’t perfect yet, he dragged his body while getting in contact with the soldiers and ordering them to clean up the remaining hyumans. And following the path the woman took, Io returned to the fortress.

Like this, the Stella Fort capture battle had ended.

Leaving a big wound on the hyumans…

And moving the world bit by bit.





Chapter 74 - The suffering of the Golden one


Inside the dazzling light, I feel like I heard a voice I have heard before. The moment I tried to turn my attention to it, a soft sensation enveloped my body.

There is also a floating sensation I didn’t feel in the transfer formations at the other towns. Before I could grow vigilant, a strong light as if exploding, dazed me and I reflexively closed my eyes.

I waited until the sudden strong light weakened before I open my eyes. I didn’t want to receive that flash-like light. It seems I was somehow able to protect my eyes, but I didn’t know what was going on.

This is… where? It is clearly not a place I have seen before.

Is it a stream? A river is flowing in front of me. It has a bit of width, but it’s a shallow river which I can see its bottom. If I feel like it, even without looking for a bridge, I would be able to cross just like this.

This is so sudden that I don’t know what to do.

I certainly got on the transfer magic formation. Then this should be the inside of the next relay town. Yeah, thinking things through is important. Uh?

That thing I see in front of me… a mamono? There are also demons there. They are heavily armored and walking in a really imposing manner. What, what in the world is…?

They are on the other side of the river. Since the river itself is pretty big, there is a relative amount of distance between us.

My breathing becomes shallower. I try to push aside this strange atmosphere for now. And then, I notice something.

I can feel presences at my back as well. I am scared, but if I don’t see what it is, nothing can be done. I felt uneasy about turning my sight away from that strange-looking group, but I push those feelings aside and turn to my back.

Behind me there is a forest. In the spaces of the many trees, I could see the shadows of people. That equipment… the army?!

The people that I could see were mostly facing the other side. It looks like they are retreating, but I can see a number of them looking at this side. Are they scouting?

I don’t know from which country’s army they are from, but looking at their uniform equipment, they remind me more of the army than soldiers. At my back, a hyuman army; at my front, a demon army. Then does that mean… this is, this is… a battlefield?!

I am right in the middle of both armies?! EH?! How?! Why?!

I don’t understand, I don’t understand at all! I was with Shiki… That’s right, Shiki. My servant. Where is he?

Of course, just noticing that Shiki is not by my side makes me feel a sense of crisis. This is bad. I am quite unsettled.

(Shiki! Shiki! Can you hear me? If you can hear me, I want you to please explain me what is happening!)

There is no response. Or more like, I can’t feel it reaching. Is it being obstructed? Then…

(Tomoe? Tomoe! Can you hear me?!)

(Mio, it is me. Makoto! Can’t you hear me?!)

No good. It feels like the call isn’t even connecting.

To think I can’t even get in contact with my servants. This is the first time something like this has happened. What should I do? For some reason I am in a battlefield-looking place and it seems they are currently not fighting, but it doesn’t mean this place is safe. No, it is better to think this place is dangerous.

If the hyumans are retreating, the demons are chasing them, or so I think. If that is so, then this kind of river won’t even serve as an obstacle. I don’t think they are an army of *vampires* after all. What was it that stopped their advance? No, before that, why am I even here? From the Academy Town, there is quite the distance to the north before one reaches the war fronts. Are you telling me I have arrived to that north?

What I can think of is, that voice I heard when I was inside that transfer light. That was… the voice of the worst existence that I met when I first came to this world.

Goddess.

There is no way I would mistake that voice. No doubt it’s her.

If I remember correctly, that bug said… “I found you” or something like that. Are you telling me after all this time she now has some business with me and called me?

But what is that business? I wasn’t told anything. Well, even if I hear it, I don’t plan on doing it though. There is no way that after treating me so badly she would come and say “become a hero” anyways.

To throw me in this situation so suddenly without any information, just what is going on? I can’t read the thought patterns of a God. Especially when it comes to that self-centered idiotic Goddess!

Damn it. There is only questions popping up inside me. What should I do? How should I move?

?!

Wa?!

A bad feeling instantly runs through my back.

This is… blood thirst! And it is pretty precise!!

It resembles the one my sensei poured on me when she told me I should get used to it. The strength of the presence also!

The person that can show such an impressive power is in no way decent! It is the type of presence I tried not get close to in my previous world.

From in front me. From the demons side, something is heading my way.

A human shaped one. Is it a demon? There is no doubt this one is strong. Or more like, scary.

Should I run to Asora? But I can’t have that one enter as well. The time it takes for the gate to close after opening it, there is no assurance that one won’t plunge into it at that time. Tomoe said something about enclosing an opponent in a small airspace and one-sidedly attack it, however, using that ability is still impossible for me.

There is no choice but to probe huh. Oioi, you are kidding me right? Isn’t that, a kid?

When I look closely, I can see that he is floating, his legs are not moving. A boy(?) with orange hair is heading my way at a pretty fast speed. Certainly, I feel the blood thirst from that kid. But it is a kid you know? It doesn’t look like he is equipped with any exaggerated equipment. Both of his hands are empty too. If he were a magician, a staff would fit but… I can’t see a single difference with him and the children I see playing at town.

From the place that innocent looking child is, I can feel that strong blood thirst I previously felt. Also the part about him floating.

Feeling nervous at the scent of the battlefield I have never felt before, it choked me. While feeling my breathing grow increasingly shallow, I watch the kid’s actions.

As if it were natural, he had already reached until the middle of the river and without dropping his speed, he advanced to my location. *So there’s no problems in crossing the river huh*. Is it settled that he has business with me?

That means, the reason the demon army stopped its advance, could it be…

… Me?!

“Disappointing”

From my left, a sudden voice! A woman?!

No way! There is no one—?!

Sensing something closing in to my face, I lower my head and instantly cover it with my left hand. Immediately following, a dull and powerful impact. Without being able to confirm its identity, I was thrown by that attack.

Gu… wu wu.

This might be the first time since I came to this world that I feel a strong and clear pain. An attack I didn’t expect to come. In the blow that was firmly packed with blood thirst, my body was sent rolling on the ground and after I stopped, a cloud of dust was created.

It hurts. The throbbing pain is coming from my head. If I instantly lowered my posture and it hit my head, it means… its aim was my neck?! The insistent *zukin zukin* pain throbs in my confused head without holding back.

My hand is burning. It must be because I tried to cover against that attack with my left hand. This one is going *dokun dokun*. It hurts… what is going on?!

While collapsed face up, I bring my left hand in front of my face. I was astonished.

“My fingers… half of them are gone” (Makoto)

Even though it’s my voice, it felt strangely distant. My middle and index finger are practically gone from the root and a half is missing from the ring finger. Even though it is an emergency, I can’t seem to truly feel my current situation.

What… what is this?

Ah that’s right, I gotta get up! If I stay down, I won’t be able to do anything. I will be killed.

The bleeding also. Since I can’t heal myself, if I am not careful, I might die from blood loss. The random tools I had were mostly in my bag that is presently gone. What I have is… the bow that I use for training. I can’t be picky here. At any rate, I have to bandage myself first. The bow is not in a ready to use state anyways. There is no problems if they try to stop me.

Where should I begin tying from? For now let’s just randomly bandage beginning from my elbow. I should have gone to a short course for first aid.

“Heh~ you are not dead. As expected from a person called by the Goddess. To not be cut by this sword, just what kind of defense you have? That face… could it be you are a hyuman synthetic beast, a chimera?”

The woman voice states her amazement at me. Even if you voice out your admiration at my survival, it doesn’t make me happy. Also, I am not a mixed product! Don’t go mixing me!

“Sofia, even though *I* went out of my way to turn his attention to me. For you to not be able to finish him, that’s not like you” <He uses Waga here, a really old way of talking>

It’s that kid. He is using *“Waga”. Damn it, a fantasy specialty. A character that one can’t tell its age by its outward appearance huh.

“N? My attack connected perfectly. This sword isn’t soft you know? This Mitsurugi” (Sofia)

I am still dizzy. I look at the person that is probably the one who attacked me. There is distance so, since my vision is blurry, I haven’t confirmed the person properly, but it seems she is forming a *combi* with that kid. <Team of two>

Her bang is covering her right side, so I can only see one of her eyes. She has blue hair like Tomoe. This is a natural thing in this world, but her figure is well-built. On her body she has shoulder plates and a breastplate, also, protection in key points like knees and elbows. The other inner parts were barely covered by lightweight equipment. Her bottom part looks like she is wearing denim short pants. If it weren’t in this situation and we were just passing by each other, I would probably have turned around and admired those beautiful legs.Also, that giant sword. It’s slightly bigger than her. Even so, in terms of length it’s shorter than a long sword. That thing has quite the width so it makes you feel it is bigger than it really is. With one glance I can tell that it is not an ordinary weapon, it has an emerald green almost-transparent blade. So I was mowed by that sword and sent flying huh. I thought it was a blunt weapon though… Normally one would have his head or neck cut clean. I am glad at my own defense power from the bottom of my heart. Thank you magic power, thank you eldwas.

The barrier is only deployed when I am aware a battle will occur. That I lost my rings is my complete blunder. How shameful.

However, to have such a big object at hand while approaching me and I didn’t notice. No way.

Are you telling me there is that much difference in ability, in experience? That’s no joke.

“That is a swing I provided practically all of my power. There is no way it was insufficient” (kid)

“But I felt like I was hitting a giant metal lump when I attacked him. No matter if he is a letdown. There is no doubt he is a troublesome opponent” (Sofia)

This is bad. Bad. It is obvious that they still intent to continue. I can’t help feeling like the lifted corners of her mouth looked aggressive.

What should I do? I can’t call for help. I don’t know where I am. The hyuman army at my back is beginning their retreat for some reason. For a while now, the mamono army seemed like they were looking out for my actions or maybe the two over there, they didn’t show signs of moving. At a glance, I feel like there isn’t only a hundred or two hundred. A thousand, no, even more maybe.

But in my side… well, I have magic, so I will manage somehow. If I calm down I will be able to handle it. I should be able to do it.

Anyways, right now what I am clear about is that I can’t take my eyes off those two. I have to make sure not to miss a single movement of them or I will definitely regret it. I don’t have a mirror so I don’t know the degree of my head’s injury, but since there isn’t that much blood flowing out, I won’t mind it for now. And the bleeding of my hand has also calmed down a bit.

I am in the verge of falling into panic. First I should understand that point clearly and make sure not to really fall into panic, try to stop it.

I tell myself this.

There is only one way for me to return. Create a mist gate and escape. This is certain. I don’t understand the current situation one bit after all. If possible, I don’t want the Goddess to see me when I create the mist gate. In the worst case scenario I should do so without caring, but if possible I want to take as much distance from them first.

Even if my life is foremost, bringing these two to Asora is way too dangerous. Their strength is unknown, but it is certain that they are strong.

What is it you want to achieve you bug?! Are you telling me to get killed by these guys?!

Don’t mess with me! Don’t!

Even when I know I would definitely lose to the Goddess if I tried to fight her right now, my displeasure is overflowing. As expected, I am not confident I can win against a God in my current level.

Also, the fear I feel from these two. If someone told me they are the executioners send by the Goddess, I would believe it. Anyways, if earthlings are giving me a hard time, that means I am still not strong enough to fight against that bug huh.

Damn bug, I will definitely hit you!

Someday, definitely. Right now is the time to work for the sake of obtaining that someday.

The problem is that combi of young woman and kid. For now, the only ones that are clearly showing hostility are these two. The hyumans are escaping so it is fine not to pay them attention. I don’t have the leeway to do so.

…

…

Right now, what I am aiming to do. Eliminate those two that are being an obstruction or pull away from them, open a mist gate and return to Asora.

Whether I can open the gate or not, I will confirm it after I have taken my distance first. A certain amount of time is needed to erase all the remains of a closed mist gate. Opening it takes 30 seconds and to close it takes about the same amount of time.

I should be an out of norm existence in this world. That 1 minute of freedom, let’s create it.





Chapter 75 - Their identities


Apologies, it seems I made a big mistake last chapter.

The fingers of Makoto were actually chopped off. Half of his left hand’s fingers are gone and bleeding like hell. One of the reasons he isn’t thinking clearly.



* * *





“Ara, the color of the clothes changed. Could it be a countermeasure for us? Even though you should not be a new recruit that has smelled the scent of war for the first time. You are quite the carefree Goddess errand boy huh”

I ignore the woman named Sofia and prepare myself for battle. I have fought dragons, spiders and skeletons; in terms of fighting I am a bit used to them by now. But against a human being is, as expected, different.

I am fine when dealing with people like Lime Latte who just know how to make creepy smiles, but I didn’t expect I would fight against people that can create blood thirst resembling that of my sensei. If I can stay in the mental state I was when I killed that idiotic woman, would I be able to create that kind of blood thirst?

Even if I think about this and that, if I can’t do it, there is no point. There is no need to imagine it, I am already in front of the very people that can achieve it. My head is in a mess and I can’t think properly.

I changed the color of my coat into red. Behind me there is a forest. It is in my field of vision, but there is quite the distance. If I use the speed attribute, I might be able to shake them off and enter the forest. If it goes well, I will be able to withdraw from here! The red color also increases my resistance against edged attacks, so it works as a countermeasure for that woman as well.

About the hyumans… in this occasion, I will ignore them. If casualties appear, go complain to your Goddess.

“It may be an act to make us lower our guard, don’t lose your concentration. See, he is trying to do something. I feel a radical magic power convergence” (kid)

I click my tongue internally at the words of the kid. So he can sense magic activation huh. Then that means there may not be much merits in doing voiceless arias.

Even so, to not move immediately, are they leisure or maybe just negligent? I hope they are just negligent.

I was a bit uneasy about using a one shot spell, so I did a chain activation on [Brid] balls and leave them at my sides, I create from 5 on 5.

I inserted keywords on the Brids to arrange a few things, but I am reaching my limit. I want to quickly go to Academy Town and learn new knowledge. Magic knowledge that can fill up the deep precipice of my understanding in magic in order to comprehend the book Shiki gave me.

“Take this!” (Makoto)

The moment I activated them, the balls are drawn to the limit until they become lines and are released on the woman and kid at high speed. At the same time, I turn around and run at full speed to the forest.

?!

A wall?!

In front of me there is a giant wall. A light of some sort is merging and working as a wall. Just a moment ago this wasn’t there. But I can’t just stay standing here. Luckily, the width is just a few meters. If I avoid it and advance, I can manage somehow.

I had stopped for a second, but soon I resume my running. I do a zigzag and try to evade it, that I am taking my time must be because of my own lack of ability. I want more instinct. Enough so that I can predict these walls that keep appearing one after the other.

Damn it, even though I have this speed, doing brakes all the time reduces the merit by half.

“Tch, how troublesome” (Makoto)

“Heh~ for an impromptu you were able to create this chain of high-power magic? I thought your fighting experience was the very essence of immaturity, but you are unexpectedly good. Mitsurugi, I am counting on your foothold and obstruction!” (Sofia)

This extremely strange spectacle of having a wall appear continuously. The forest that should not be impossible to reach to, feels so far now! Moreover, from under my feet a shining thing is sticking out as well. This is… a sword?! No, just the edge?!

I can’t understand anything!

I concentrate on making the barrier at my feet stronger and scatter the edges that are popping out while running.

Ah~, so difficult to run! At this rate…

I felt a bit anxious about the obstruction I placed, so I turned my head a bit in order to confirm the situation. At that place…

“Ahahahaha! This is incredible. Not only is it conceited, it also chases you!” (Sofia)

“Taking them head on would be a bit heavy huh. Well, there won’t be problems if we divert it. More importantly, Sofia, if that is a secret card of the Goddess, there is something we should do right?”

“I know! But that will be when I do a formal greeting on him and he is still alive, okay?!” (Sofia)

… It’s, not working as an obstruction. Just what the hell are these guys?

The rapid-fire Brids are definitely not low in firepower. I have these clothes and these rings so my magic power should be pretty strong. And yet, what is that?

The kid is probably using a magic barrier to divert the rapid-fire Brids to different locations. Of course, some of the blown off brids end up to where the demons and hyumans are, but it seems he is not doing any follow up for that. How heartless!

So it is possible to change the length and angle to divert magic huh. When I have time, this is a technique I want to learn. But I don’t have the leisure to observe that kid carefully.

The woman’s side is doing an unbelievable thing. She is using her sword to cut the rapid-fired brids, dashing like a keen beast to shake off those homing brids and evading left and right. Also, the numerous shining sword-looking things floating in mid-air, I don’t know if those are made by the woman or by the kid, but she is using those swords as “footing” to perform acrobatic moves, reducing the distance between her and me at a terrifying speed.

… You are kidding me right? She is cutting off the magic that is coming at high speed with a giant sword that requires both hands. What kind of monster is that?!

Moreover, she does that acrobatic-like mid-air sprint so easily!

Even though I am not the Goddess’ hidden card or anything like that!

Ah, this wall. They are swords. A lot of swords are intersected to knit a wall. That girl, is she a special magic user or something? A sword magician maybe? The usability is questionable though. Well, I can’t say anything in respect when I am currently surprised by it.

While I was trying to escape reality by thinking random stuff, she appeared right in front of me. A monster?!

Wasn’t she behind me a few moments agoooo?!

There is such a bullshit hyuman in this world?! No, is she really a hyuman?

Her skin color and looks may be hyuman but, could it be she is actually a new creation from the demon race?!

The problem is not only that she caught up with me! She kicked the sword wall, raised her giant sword and dashed towards me!

“Cau~ght you!!” (Sofia)

Contrary to the light words she said, the figure of the girl wielding that giant sword grew blurry in an instant. The girl who was in mid-air didn’t wait until landing, and just straightforwardly swung her sword at me! I expand a barrier at my front and enhance it with Sakai to confront her attack. It’s not like I don’t belief in the resistance of my armor, but I will do everything I can.

“?!”

An incredibly high-pitched sound reverberates and the sword of the girl was bounced upwards. I blocked it. But the barrier was also offset and destroyed! No way, that sword. Don’t tell me that sword has a crazy property like “magic killer” or something like that right?!

I wanted to try expanding a barrier again but I won’t make it in time. Her chase and mowing is faster. To be able to do such a feat with an unstable stance, just what kind of body control is that?!

Just like how I was surprised she was able to destroy my barrier, she was also shocked that her sword was repelled. That means she was pretty sure that attack would decide everything but was stopped. To be able to think that way when doing it with such an outrageous posture.

This woman, won’t she get astonished or waver? Or is it just that my decision-making is too slow? The ability to instantly decide on your next action at a fight of life and death, I haven’t learnt that before and there is no way I will suddenly be able to do it in real combat.

What to do? What should I do?!

I place the [Sakai] to protect only my body, and cross my arms to defend against the attack coming from my left. This time I can only wager on the eldwas. To avoid the worst case scenario, I thought about springing my body back but my reflexes couldn’t follow so I was unable to do it. Rather, to be able to raise my arms is enough to make me wanna praise myself.

I can’t close my eyes. There is no assurance that she won’t do a follow-up. I resolve myself and prepare for the swing.

There is no doubt this is an imperfect attack stemming from a crazy posture. Even so, I can’t relax.

However, it seems I won the bet. It was a dull attack and there was no pain. The part that was hit only felt a bit numb. I wasn’t even sent flying.

I knew this in an armor that the eldwas are proud of, but to actually block a sword with clothes feels strange.

This time she landed and looks at me with eyes wide open, taking her distance from me, arriving at a pretty distant place. To do so many movements in mid-air and still be able to land with her two feet. Truly awe inspiring.

At her side there is the kid. So they have destroyed all the batteries huh. Well, I did set them up thinking only about defense though. Seriously, what are these guys?

Don’t tell me… heroes?!

No, that’s not it. If that were the case, they wouldn’t be with the demon army. What am I thinking?

If I remember correctly, this girl is called Sofia. The kid, I think the woman called him in the name of a famous sword. Mitsurugi. I feel like I have heard that name before…

“Wait~ that funny lump, what is it? He is way too amusing. He has ability and movements that aren’t even worth mentioning, and yet, that hardness, reflex, magic power; his standards are on an abnormal level. A mismatched pervert” (Sofia)

“I also feel that way. Even though he is incredibly strong, he is way too crude. I don’t understand at all” (Mitsurugi)

“Then provide me cover at least once” (Sofia)

“I was busy destroying the source of those attacks. Don’t ask for the impossible” (Mitsurugi)

Are those commentaries about me? I am sorry for being amusing to the level of laughing and an incomprehensible existence. Also, I am glad to have left the batteries stationary there. I think I am the one that needs support the most though not you.

“Well, once we take control, the situation should change. Ghjkop \ kkjjgf” (Sofia)

“Oh, so we are using the ring on this single opponent? At least say when you are going to use it Sofia” (Mitsurugi)

“There’s no other choice right? This kid seems to have received quite the blessings from the Goddess after all” (Sofia)

Hah? What kind of incantation is “Trample down on the God’s prayer”?

The latter half of what Sofia said made no sense and left me questioning. Words I haven’t heard before. Are those keywords to activate something? But if I remember correctly, the tools that are filled with magic are normally activated with common language?

This language is a first for me.

As if responding her aria, the ring in Sofia’s right hand crumbles. Not break, it was more like, crumbling to a state that would be impossible to restore.

Just like when I expand Sakai, a mysterious undulating sensation spreads out from the circumference of the crumbled ring.

With this… what does it change? It doesn’t seem like the situation has changed at all though. My lifeline which is magic power can still be used without any problems. At the very least, the amount I still have inside me has no problems.

“Umu. It seems it is a success. With this the tests are done. However, this is interesting. To think that the day would come when we would be able to negate the interference of the Goddess. The worldwide influence she provides can now be changed at our whim” (Sofia)

Success. Then that means some sort of effect is in place. Damn it, I can’t see what their hand is at all.

“From the beginning you and I were not blessed by it, so there is no demerit. Also, the demons and demon beasts as well. Basically, it is a tool that only has merits when used by someone that’s not hyuman. Not only that, the effect of negating the Goddess blessing seems quite fast” (Sofia)

“But the one who created this was…” (Mitsurugi)

“Don’t say it. There are still Goddess believers here after all” (Sofia)

Saying that, Sofia looks at me. Removing the interference of the Goddess? Doing something like that. Just what would that hyuman girl gain from it?

If she were a demon, it would be a topic that has high research value though.

They… don’t take their eyes off me. I thought this was my chance to create a gate while they are talking, but if I concentrate and begin my aria, I feel like I will become chopping wood in an instant and that scares me.

Or more like, why am I on the side of the Goddess? I have gone through terrible things because of that bug you know?

Ugh, the sensation of my left hand is numbing. This is bad. Should I loosen the bandages? No, that’s no good. I don’t know how much blood I am allowed to bleed. I feel like it is a bad call to worsen the situation if I end up suffering blood loss.

This is the worst. Can healing magic cure an arm necrosis? Shiki, when I return I am really counting on you. I don’t want to become a one-armed person at this age.

“I am not on the side of the Goddess” (Makoto)

Even though I know it won’t get through them, I still say it.

“Hoh~, what does that mean?” (Mitsurugi)

“What, Mitsurugi. You understood those words? That was clearly not common language though” (Sofia)

Wa? Wait a moment, that girl. Don’t tell me, she is a hyuman? This is bad, I did a blunder once again. Even though I knew my verbal expressions were fantasy-like, this “comprehension” that was given to me really doesn’t distinct. As expected of a Goddess given ability.

“Red one, answer. What do you mean when you said you were not on the Goddess’ side? You were without doubt brought to this battlefield by the Goddess. Aren’t you like the two heroes that have been summoned from another world, someone that was brought here to protect Limia? That crazy power, I can only think it was given to you by the Goddess” (Mitsurugi)

“You, you are not a hyuman?” (Makoto)

While asking the kid if he was a hyuman, I pick up the word Limia.

Limia, if I remember correctly, it is a major power that is directly confronting the demon race. If they are calling me a protector, does it mean this is a key location for Limia?

“Well, for now yeah. Right now I have chosen to take the form of a hyuman that’s all. You can talk if I am not hyuman? You get more and more mysterious. From your looks, could you be the half of a hyuman and something else?” (Mitsurugi)

Pointing a finger at Sofia, the kid makes clear that he is a different living being that has taken the form of a hyuman. What do you mean by me being a half from my looks? Sofia also called me a synthetic beast. I can’t accept that.

But this kind of situations where they tell me this things as if looking for a fight without any ill intentions, I already got used to it. It doesn’t anger me that much.

“I have no reasons to fight in this battlefield and I have no intentions on joining hands with the Goddess. How about it? Will you guys please leave this as a misunderstanding and leave me be?” (Makoto)

“That is impossible. I will have you die here. You were summoned here by the Goddess. There is no misunderstanding anywhere” (Mitsurugi)

“I just have a sort of previous connection with the Goddess that’s all. To kill me here, why is that? Because that hyuman woman called Sofia is allying with the demon race? I won’t be telling anyone that information” (Makoto)

The kid that was indifferently complying with my words, suddenly becomes silent. He was looking at me with a dumbfounded expression. What is it?

I thought it was definitely because it would be bad for others to know she was cooperating with the demon race though?

“… Hyuman woman, you say? Kuku… Ahahahahaha!” (Mitsurugi)

The kid suddenly raises his voice and laughs loudly. Did I say something bad?

“What? Why did you suddenly begin laughing?” (Sofia)

“Sofia, listen. This guy, it seems he doesn’t know about you” (Mitsurugi)

I think this is obvious though. This is the first time I have met her after all. Moreover, she suddenly tried to cut me down.

“… Huhn~ Well, if he is the same as the heroes, that is a given right?” (Sofia)

“But he doesn’t seem to be a hero. And he is pleading for his life. Saying to “please leave me be”” (Mitsurugi)

What’s so strange in that? Just, there is no doubt the situation is bad. Because the hostility has increased.

“The Goddess does incomprehensible things. To think she would throw such an unknowledgeable person to the battlefield. I don’t think she just ran out of pawns though? You, being killed by people you don’t know and people that don’t even know your name. That is not something you would like right? I permit you to tell us your name” (Mitsurugi)

“I don’t intent to be killed. However, in these times, isn’t your side supposed to name themselves first?” (Makoto)

I try my best to play strong. Also, if possible, I want to avoid an encounter with this monster. I want information, seriously.

“Kuku, your tongue is first rate huh. Fumu, fine. Then we will start first. The one here who is swinging the number one sword in this world is Sofia Bruga. Her nickname is “Dragon Killer” and level 920, a famous woman. And I am Lancer. Well, Sofia calls me Mitsurugi most of the time though” (Mitsurugi)

…

….. Eh?

Sofia Bruga? Dragon Killer?

Isn’t that the name of the previously strongest level in the guild? Moreover, Lancer, that name, if I remember correctly, is the name of the dragon that was killed by Sofia isn’t it? That’s right, if I remember correctly, his nickname was Mitsurugi.

Moshimoshi? Moshimoooo~shi!

There is absolutely no reason for such a big fish to aim at my neck!

“… I am Raidou. A merchant” (Makoto)

I barely manage to name myself. However, the waves in my heart are not showing any signs of calming down. To be attacked by the highest peak of hyumans and the previous comrade of Tomoe. This situation is something I still can’t put together in my mind.

“Raidou… huh. Saying you are a merchant, such an obvious lie-” (Mitsurugi)

“Hmph~, Raidou huh. You have finished introductions right? Once again, I am Sofia Bruga. Just as you see, I am an adventurer that is trying out being on the demon’s side. And, the person that will be killing you” (Sofia)

Sofia interrupts the words of Lancer and announces her intent to kill me. This woman, just what is she thinking? If you are rising up against the Goddess, I feel like we could become friends, but why is it that it turned into killing me?

“Sofia, I was in the middle of talking. Then the so called Raidou, this is sayonara. You have seen something that shouldn’t have been seen after all” (Mitsurugi)

You were the ones who told me.

Faster than his words were finished, in the surroundings of Lancer and in my own, as well as in the sky, swords created by him were beginning to appear.

It is a situation where it is not the appropriate time to talk.

This makes me laugh. It really makes me laugh.

This unreasonable checkmate, like hell I will let it! Not being able to depend on the companions that I finally obtained, and die without anyone knowing. Like I will let that happen.

I won’t think about holding back anymore. Or more like, I have been surprised left and right and have had no chance to hold back or anything!

No matter what, I will create a chance and escape!

Blood has been coming out too much and it is worsening my state. Damn Goddess. Calling me at a crazy place. I have decided to learn a way to go against her summoning as my utmost priority. I wonder how far the Academy teaches in regards to summoning topics.

Even when doing all this, that bug didn’t say anything to me. Is she really looking? Say something at the very least!

“Then, I am coming. Your crazy defensive power should be gone now that the Goddess’ interference has disappeared. It will become a simple massacre now” (Sofia)

Ah, so that’s what she meant with “interference”.

That means, she called me all the way here no questions asked and now she is unable to do anything? No, it is because she can’t do anything that she called me here? Uh… which one is it?

No matter which one it is, how stupid of her. As expected of bug Goddess, she is an idiot. Instead of saying “I found you” say “I want you to do something”. I would totally run the opposite direction of her words though.

“It seems the heroes are being cornered by the demon general. To remove the remains of the Goddess in here as well is not a bad idea”

It seems this world has an Anti-Goddess faction. It reliefs me quite a bit and at the same time I am amazed that there is an anti-force in the world she manages.

I am a bit interested in the heroes though. Tsukuyomi-sama told me to treat them well after all.

It’s just, my life is foremost. I am sorry but, you heroes manage something by yourself.

Anyways, these idiots, they finally lowered their guard.

I feel their atmosphere has slightly slackened. They must have confidence in the effects of that ring.

They are free to believe I was being enhanced by the Goddess’ interference. Even if I deny it, they wouldn’t listen to my words anyways. They are confident they can defeat me now.

But well~ that won’t be happening.

Unlike before, I am going to “strengthen” after all.

Being in a battle stance, while feeling anger, I take off the rings left in my left hand and in my right hand. I take off all of my rings.





Chapter 76 - Something not that far in the past to call it a recollection


“Oooori~aaaa!”

“Wa?!”

Without adjusting the magic power, I take out all that I could and with no aria I release it to the front.

The magic power amount that can’t even be called magic, had turned into quite the shock wave, closing in onto them. Well, releasing it without thinking anything is its strongest point.

Seems it took them completely off guard, Sofia and Lancer get blown off vigorously. Hmph, me being weakened is something that you yourself thought I was. Life doesn’t always go your way.

The wall and the glittering edges that Lancer created were also blown away splendidly. My circumference and front get shaved off by the raging shock wave and in an instant everything in my field of vision is gradually destroyed.

If I were fighting with a hyuman on the level of the people I have met, this would be the part where I escape, but these two, especially Sofia, are existences I don’t understand. I want to clearly confirm that they are in a state they can’t fight back and then open the gate.

Nevertheless…

Just like when one does a big stretch at the time one wakes up, just like after you do a careful stretch; the whole of my body is enveloped in that comfortable sensation. My mood is also being somewhat uplifted. Maybe it is because I have taken off all my rings and am now in a natural state. Even if my coat is still taking big part of my magic power, there is a big difference in the magic power I can release and knit. Well, if I think of my maximum value, this amount is still low though.

I spread a strengthening and search [Sakai] at the same time. The strengthened searching ability lets me check the state of the two that have taken their distance from me once again.

However, don’t misunderstand. I don’t have the ability to fight those two at close range. Even if I am being protected by an enhanced defense, there is no point if I don’t escape. That is the combi of a dragon killer and a supreme dragon, there is no way I can let them inside Asora. I can’t let my uplifted emotions take over my actions.

Conclusion.

I will have you guys receive my long distance bombarding! And so, after leaving you powerless, or in the worst case kill you, I will escape!

My left hand is like this, so I can’t use it. The complexion is slowly getting worse. Shooting energy magic is the most it can manage right now. Pointing my hand helps a lot in the image. It is decided, my left hand will be used for spells. And so, in my right hand I now have an unshapely dagger that has a string coming out from its handle. That it is until now that I am able to use them, shows that it is not fit to be used in real combat yet. Anyways, this could be called the physical form of my negative thought patterns about running and protecting.

At close range I use a dagger. Middle-range, a counterweighted sickle and chain and at long range, this is the weapon. It is a weapon that you throw at your opponent. Of course, it a weapon that is filled with problems to use as my main weapon. For me as well, as a person that had learned the bow from sensei, this is also just something that she taught me to use as well. Before she taught me I didn’t even know it existed. It can also be placed in a bow as an arrow and shot that way. However, I don’t have a bow at hand so there is no point. Also, not only do I not have much experience in using it as a spear, I don’t even have a passing grade on using it as a dagger or throwing tool. To swing it with the string is totally out of my field of expertise. Geez, it is obvious I will get wounded doing something like that.

That there is knife techniques mixed in the uchine’s way of using is probably because of the own style of sensei. She seems to have been in the battlefield for a period of time after all. Luckily I wasn’t brought overseas. She is a teacher I am proud of, but I would reject accompanying her to those places.

Even so, crossing swords against those two with these is definitely impossible. The armor of the Eldwas blocked that sword, I don’t think the weapons they make lose in comparison, but the most important part who is me still doesn’t have enough ability to wield it properly. Or more like, that Sofia girl is abnormal. To do a helm breaker in mid-air and then connect it with a mow down, even in acrobatic levels that is impossible. It makes me think that she is the one mixed with a cat or some sort of beast. Also, one that has quite the wild instincts.

That’s why it is fine to use them only to block attacks when needed. It is better than stopping them with my arms after all. With the special handling of the uchine I might be able to make her recoil, or so I think.

Using that as my secret weapon…

I take my stance. Just like when I shoot with my bow. That I don’t need to put away the uchine in my right hand in order to use spells is one of the good parts of magic.

This one will be different from the previous preemptive attack. I will have them taste a certain hit attack.

That’s right. Compared to the brids I released a while ago, the power of this one is different.

Just try deviating this one if you can.

Show me that you can cut it down.

Don’t think the speed and power are the same as before!

Even in this deteriorated field of vision, Sakai tells me the position of my enemies accurately. Yosh.

Like I will wait for you two to fix your stance. First one is Sofia! If possible, stay lying down just like that!

On the drawn to the limit brid, my image tells me of my certain hit. Fire!

The next one is created right after that and I turn it into an arrow. I pour my own magic power to it and just like how I shoot with a bow, I release it. This one is for Lancer.

The element is fire. It explodes in place so I can expect a certain amount of leeway in the hit area.

Even when the vision is taken away because of the cloud of sand my magic power wave created, she does a big step to the side as if she activated some sort of superhuman sixth sense. Because of my Sakai I was able to tell she was trying to avoid it. Lancer did that before too, could it be they don’t even care about the army that is at their back?

… But, that is useless.

A brid that I have coupled with my certain hit image acts just like the arrows I shoot, they all hit their target. It may be defended though, but it will definitely get the enemy. That’s right, even if something miraculous happens just the moment my image becomes reality, the level of accuracy in which it pursues its target is on a different degree. It hits Tomoe and Mio. There is no way it won’t hit you!

And since it is different from a real bullet, its homing capability is incredibly high. Instead of decelerating when trying to head to the direction the girl took, the brid actually accelerated.

To increase its speed when changing directions, that is something I really can’t understand.

Right now the certain hit is something I do with the same feeling as the bow, so hitting is still ambiguous. I don’t have definite confidence in it. Magic is still a grey area for me.

Sofia uses her prided giant sword to cut off the brid that is flying at high speed. How scary. Even when releasing an arrow of that speed it doesn’t surpass the reactions of hers? As expected, close range is not a good idea.

However, no matter if I already predicted this to some extent after watching that rapid-fire brid, it is still surprising how she tries to cut them off. Is she a genius?

Even so, the result this time is…

“Kyaaaa!!!”

She made a high-pitched scream and was blown away by the explosion. Yosh! I can do this!

“Sofia?! What is up with this power?! I can’t deviate it!” (Lancer)

The defense barrier Lancer created was destroyed and his childish body was send flying by the blast. It seems this side has received damage as well. Let me tell you this, I won’t be resting my hand! If the momentum is restored, I don’t know what could occur!

“Wai-, Mitsurugi?! Didn’t he get stronger?!” (Sofia)

“I think so too! This is what I think but, could it be… he was under a curse from the Goddess?! That shouldn’t be possible, to go all the way to bring a person that is cursed by God?! There’s no idiot who would summon someone like that!” (Lancer)

So it was the right choice to use fire for the blast huh. It looks like they are unable to move because of their confusion, but I don’t need to confirm that anyways!

This time I will go with the element I am more compatible with, the water element which I can bring out even more power. If this manages to disable them, I will be able to open a mist gate!

“More is coming! He is able to do rapid-fires of magic with this much power?! What a cheat!” (Sofia)

She must have felt the convergence of magic power from me, Sofia lets out a voice filled with caution. The last part was a complain to me huh. If it’s about complains, I have way more to say than you! I am being abused by the Goddess here!

“Sofia, return the sword’s power to me! If it’s a fire element magic, I will manage somehow! Take advantage of his opening when using magic and finish it in one go!” (Lancer)

Sofia assents to Lancer’s words and moves to his side. Good, if the two are in the same place, aiming will be easier. It saves me trouble! If you are on the mindset of receiving my attack, then I will go with power as priority!

“Goooo!!” (Makoto)

Just like last time, I use the same sensation to shoot twice. It is clearly stronger and faster than when I used fire. I can’t expect an explosion, but if it can at least freeze the area, it will make it even harder for them to move. When that happens, I will be in a bigger advantage.

“He changed to the opposite element?! Him alone?! Ei, just how out of the norms is this guy. But how stupid, if it is water it will make it easier for us!” (Sofia)

I can tell there is something flowing from the sword of Sofia into Lancer. That sword was something that was residing in a dragon? H-How dazzling…

How dare you try to cut someone with such a dangerous thing.

From Lancer’s front, a blue shield that is stronger than the previous one is created. Could it be, water element? Is that guy the same as Tomoe, able to control multiple elements? Moreover, water?

The blue arrows and blue barrier clash. What happens when two of the same element clash? Don’t tell me it will just one-sidedly disappear right?

“Wa?!”

A voice of surprise comes from me and Lancer.

The two blue arrows stopped the moment they clashed with the barrier of the same color, or so it seemed. However, in a second the arrows began to slowly slip through it. The blue shield was being rippled with my arrows at its center. It was as if the shield was welcoming it.

If two of the same element meet, that is what happens?! But this is lucky for me. It looks like my attack will hit after all. It’s the unexpected attack advantage, lucky!

“This is bad, really bad Sofia. Please finish this quickly! That guy, are you telling his aptitude in water element is higher than mine?! If it were “the invincible one” or “myriad colors” I could understand, but for a hyuman to surpass me is just…!” (Lancer)

“If you are frozen, I will be leaving you behind Mitsurugi” (Sofia)

“I will provide you a bit more service as a foothold, so when that happens please melt and save me” (Lancer)

Foothold? Oioi, there is also the aftermath of brid you know. I think kicking mid-air swords and rushing at me is a bit impossible.

The two of you can’t move from your spot. Just obediently turn into ice. And then I will calmly return!

The arrow silently penetrates the shield.

“Yosh!” (Makoto)

“If it’s the head maybe I can cut it off?” (Sofia)

Again.

Just above me, I heard a voice.

I won’t even try and look. I reflexively jump back.

The sword slightly grazes the tip of my nose. My barrier didn’t make it in time again! The hot sensation that is transmitted in me makes me knit my brows instinctively.

When I attack with all I have, I don’t have the time to prepare a defensive barrier! Is this also a key point in practice?!

From the front of my vision, I see the figure of Sofia. Eh?! Weren’t you over there?

Just what kind of trick did you use to suddenly change positions?! This is not my miss! I was clearly paying attention to her!

I shouldn’t have shot with all I had and should have left a barrier on standby with me. But if I were to take my time doing that, the result would have been the same. Damn it.

The attention I had on Lancer’s side, I forcefully take it out and concentrate my all in Sofia. When I look closely, Sofia has already accumulated something. It’s coming coming coming!

“He reacted again! Really, what a funny specimen!” (Sofia)

What’s with the “he reacted again”. It’s because you always talk out loud that I am able to evade them! Is she taking me lightly? I don’t know if she is just an idiot that lets everything slip though. Maybe the price of having such a beast-like instinct is her brain and mouth. That must be it!

From her eyes I can see overflowing blood thirst and vigor. Without pausing her movements, she instantly entered pointblank range. This is bad!

In a second…

Sofia turns her back to me. Eh? Why at this time?

That back figure took me by surprise. I lost sight of her weapon. Hiding her weapon with her own body, she didn’t chase me who was stepping back. That’s right, that sword can still reach me from here. No, it is actually the perfect distance for her weapon!

Left. The direction she turned just a bit below. A reverse turn attack is swung. I can’t evade it! So fast!

Counter, no, defense? But using magic with this mental strain? Impossible! I am going to be defeated?!

In the middle of my confusion, I unconsciously do a half-step to the front, grab the uchine with both hands and miraculously connects with her attack.

Why was I able to manage something like this?

The sound of metal rings for the first time between her and me. From both of my hands the intense shock and vibrations are transmitted. From my left hand that can barely grab it, the sensation is dull. It feels like I will soon be unable to use it.

“… You are kidding, right?” (Sofia)

This is not my voice.

… Uh, I’m alive?

I can only call this a miracle. The experience that sensei taught me so hard, might have moved my body here. I am sorry for complaining about this not being archery or anything close to that, sensei.

Hearing the words of Sofia, I close my eyes and let my vision recover. My face is facing down so luckily she didn’t notice. Anyways, how pathetic. But I am alive! I was saved!

It might be too good to say it was unconsciously, but I can’t rely on something like that, I need to learn how to create a barrier reflexively or I will die one of these days. If these person is the strongest in the world and the definite number one, it’s one thing, but if there are numerous of those types at once I will certainly need it.

After this I want to learn to create multiple barriers and a defense magic that I can leave in place. Eh? Aren’t I just thinking about defense?

I once again confirm the situation.

Oh~. What is this?

Sofia’s sword, the sharp sword that had a wide width and one needed two hands to wield…

The emerald green and almost transparent sword blade that one could even feel beauty…

Broke. It wasn’t a clean cut. Just what happened, I don’t know the clear details, but it broke to the point that I can’t count how many parts it turned into. Not even ¼ of the sword blade was left.

Eldwas, you guys are seriously incredible. What’s up with this uchine. To think I would see the day a dagger breaks a giant sword. Why did I close my eyes again? This is clearly a tool that has surpassed the area of self-protection. Incredible, this is really incredible.

“I-I am saved~” (Makoto)

I whisper dazed. There is one other thing I have understood. In the middle of fighting I seriously can’t communicate with writing. There’s no room for it, so it is obvious though. I just noticed it.

And so, I comprehended. That I was in the thought I had stopped just before I began panicking, but the truth is I was swallowed by it a long time ago.

Not reaching the conclusion I should have and not being able to do the things I could have done.

What a pathetic display.

Suddenly, the sensation of a hand is felt on my back.

DAMN-!!

“You, are thoroughly cheat” (Sofia)

All of a sudden, a soft sensation is pressed on my face. Eh?

Sofia was hugging me closely. What… is this? Breast?

Ah, I see. The brid a few moments ago destroyed her breastplate. Tte, eh?

I somehow turn my face up. At that place there is obviously the face of her. For some reason, a wide smile.

Her body had already lost most of her metal protection, so the sensation of her body was clearly transmitted to me. I thought she would have barbarian-like muscles, but that doesn’t seem to be the case. She was more woman than I thought. Her sword gave a big impression after all.

The shirts and short pants must have a stronger effectiveness than her metal armor. Like the clothes I have.

That I am being embraced from the very front and my face is hitting her breast making me crazy must mean, Sofia is 180cm or more huh. If she wore heels, this scene would look like a kid and an adult.

!!

That’s not it! First I should concentrate in the current situation! If worst comes to worst, I will use the uchine in my right hand on Sofia and…

“Uh!! Tto, what incredible superhuman strength. So to resume, a god body in an average mind huh. Ah, you were going 2v1 against us and were able to stay sane so, maybe your mind is also tough. Wouldn’t you be able to face the roar of a dragon and its overpowering aura? But well, your skills are no good though” (Sofia)

Well, thank you. I don’t have a hobby of fighting dragons so that information is pointless for me though.

She is embracing me with all and arms so I am unable to move as I want. However, it seems I will be able to somehow release myself from this restrain. Even though she swings that kind of sword, her physical strength isn’t that much huh. How mysterious.

I am sorry but, I don’t want to stay in this incomprehensible situation where I lose my initiative. I will have my escape.

“Struggling, is dangerous you know?” (Sofia)

Her face comes closer to mine. Sofia’s voice is whispered in my ears.

“What?” (Makoto)

“Ah, you don’t understand what I am saying right. Well, I don’t intend to explain so this is convenient” (Sofia)

Wa?

For some reason I couldn’t hear the last words of Sofia. I feel like she said something really low though.

Just, it feels like the wind has suddenly become stronger. Wind magic, maybe? But to use an attack magic in this glued state, not even she would go unscathed. Also, I have already prepared Sakai and defense magic.

I confirm the situation of my surroundings. Before I noticed, the characteristic scent of the battlefield had become dim and disappeared. The clouds were looking strange. For a while now the wind has been strong.

Anyways, escaping is highest priority!

I accumulate my strength. Eh? I feel something in my feet as well…

“!! There’s no need to hurry so much, I will release you!” (Sofia)

With Sofia’s words, my field of vision widens in a breath. The sensation of her body also disappeared in an instant. To substitute it, a strong wind crashes against my whole body powerfully.

?!!!

Blue… the blue sky?!

Sky?!

I’m floating?! No, I’m falling!

“I am sorry but, I have sealed your wind abilities. If you fall at these height, even if it is you, you will die or receive a considerable damage. We will now leave it to nature and bid our sayonara here. Aaah, in the end I had to rely on his “foothold”. It will be troublesome to melt him huh” (Sofia)

Sofia’s figure was at my vicinity. She must be using some kind of magic to float. She is not falling.

Or more like, foothold? Lady, are you telling me you can walk down from here? Nonono, this is pretty high up in the skies you know?

The figure of her is steadily growing smaller. But her figure suddenly disappears.

“Bye bye, Raidou” (Sofia)

I once again hear her voice in my ear.

It’s Sofia. When I turn my face, she is certainly there. Don’t tell me, she can do instant movement? Depending on the situation, isn’t that even more cheat than me?!

Her figure disappears once again. With some sort of presentiment, I look below me. When I do so, I see a number of glowing things. That are the blades that Lancer creates, if I remember correctly. Now that I think about it, the ones floating in mid-air were not used to attack. Could it be, those were footholds? But how was Sofia able to…

I see the figure of her waving her hand. But it disappears again. What remains is one blade. Don’t tell me…?!

Sofia is able to change places with a blade to mobilize?! Is that fair?!

But there is originally no meaning in having Lancer set a blade so high up in the sky. I can only think of it being for the sake of “exchanging”.

Aaahh!!

More importantly, what should I do? This situation resembles that time with the damn bug so much.

At my dropping point there are glittering blades floating so it is even more brutal!

I am falling steadily. How long till I drop?! Is there some sort of custom in this world that says one has to throw a person from the sky when you can’t handle it?!

N, anyways…

I see.

Maybe it is because this is my second time. There was a part of me that was strangely calm. The tension that was clinging onto me all this time disappears as if it was a lie.

The one minute, was created huh.

Even so, I haven’t given my “thanks” to that Goddess bug. Tsukuyomi-sama, are you doing well?

I finish my aria. There is still time.

I spread out my Sakai and look below. Because of the clouds, I can’t confirm it with my naked eyes. From below, the demon’s march had restarted. It seems pretty far in the northeast, it looks like there is a war occurring.

The effect has been reduced to an ambiguous level where I only feel the presence, but I can slightly understand the situation. It seems they are trying to assault a fortress. It seems like there is no mistake, they are doing battle in a fortress-looking building. I can’t tell who is the one winning though. They haven’t attacked the fortress so the defending side is probably the one in the advantage. I was probably… right below here. At a place a bit disconnected from the battlefield.

That means, there were numerous battles taking place. Is it possible that there are multiple monsters that can surpass that Sofia roaming all over? I was a frog in the well huh. This has taught me the through importance of experience. Let’s properly prepare counter-measures if there is a next time. If I can’t use my magic power in real combat, then no matter how much magic power I have there is no point.

Even if I am able to think calmly in the situation, that was only because of my defense capabilities. If I can’t analyze the situation as fast as possible and move according to it, I am no different from a plank.

I feel anxious about my counter-measure turning pointless by some other troublesome happening. But even so, I can only believe that I will be rewarded by it someday.

And so…

Sofia should be directly below right? The broken sword is there and Lancer is also there after all.

Since I have the chance, let’s send them a gift.

I face below and extend my left hand. With the fingers I have left and the dark red blood that has coagulated and turned hard. The whole arm has already turned purple and because of the blood obstruction, I can barely feel it anymore. It is quite the bad state. How dare you do such a thing.

My right hand goes into my pocket. Since I have the leeway, let’s take off my clothes too. I wanted to throw them my magic at full-power, but if I do so I wouldn’t be able to escape from this mid-air situation. The strong wind that is hitting my body makes even stabilizing my stance hard.

When I feel the rings with my right hand, the corner of my lips naturally lift. The tension was controlling me and I couldn’t concentrate well, but it may be proof that I felt a gloom and ugly anger at this current situation. A clear anger that pushes me to yell and blow everything away.

I purposely pour magic power to the already saturated rings to an even farther step, to the point it was going to crack.

With Sakai I check all of Lancer’s blades at the landing point. Putting all of them in my sight, I release a brid. The moment it was fired from my left hand, it turns into dozens of small balls that headed to Lancer’s blades and probably what are Sofia’s footholds.

This one is probably stronger than the brid that surprised the two of them. Here I was able to concentrate without anyone getting in my way after all. I am in the middle of dropping though.

With this they are probably unable to come to where I am. While at it, some of them may have hit them.

Next, I take out the rings that caused a disaster in Asora and concentrate a formed brid onto it, expanding it even more.

Putting this much into it, even if I throw from here, it should gouge the ground and blow up.

I could tell that inside the six rings there was a spherical brid that was unsteadily swimming. Eat this, dragon killer and supreme dragon. This is my thanks for playing around with me however you wanted!

Those kind of things, you know, I am already filled with only the damn Goddess!

A dynamite ring brid that hasn’t turned into an arrow is grasped in my hand.

“Fools! There was no need to seal my wind element! I can’t even use it anyways~~!!” (Makoto)

Thanks to my altitude lowering quite a bit already, the amount of information I could obtain from Sakai had improved and I was able to feel the presence of the two. Saying words of regards that no one heard, I fired the brid. And at the same time, I create a mist gate in the space I was dropping to.

I accomplish my return to Asora. The moment I opened it, I had already calculated the ending as well, so the gate should be terminated instantly. I am glad it all went well.

If the clouds didn’t get in the way, I would have been able to see my ability in action. But if I were to activate it when I am below the clouds, there was the chance the brid ring that was in my hands would rampage. There is also the fear of someone seeing the mist gate. I had no choice.

Ah.

I suddenly feel the anemic sensation I frequently felt when I was a child. My vision was steadily blacking out and my field of vision was narrowing. What a bad sensation.

The moment I thought this wasn’t good, it was too late.

I, who smelled the familiar scent of Asora, lost all of my tension at once and as my conscience went far away, I collapsed.

The dropping impact that I feared was not there, and taking its place was a warm sensation of something enveloping me.





Chapter 77 - Lake of Stars


— In the time Makoto is sleeping —-

An unfitting young kid was dragging one of his feet in the battlefield as he welcomes the companion that was returning from the sky.

“So is it over?” (Lancer)

“Probably. I went to the highest foothold you prepared after all. This was my first experience overlooking from the top of clouds. Don’t you know how to hold back?” (Sofia)

The woman that landed didn’t mind about the scolding tone of the kid and just answers.

“To think my sword would break that way. It was as if I was in a nightmare. I admit I was a bit panicked” (Lancer)

“I was literally the one who experienced it, so I was even more startled. The weapon a pervert holds is also in the pervert level huh. It was an unshapely dagger I have never seen before though” (Sofia)

“I don’t remember seeing such a dagger either. If possible, I wanted to collect it and duplicate it in our base but…” (Lancer)

The kid-shaped supreme dragon looks at the sword that’s on his hands. Only a bit of the base is left from the blade.

“So you retrieved it. Thanks. I totally thought you were frozen in ice and died from the shock. It seems that wasn’t the case, nice going” (Sofia)

“It is a part of me, so it is obvious I would do so. However, the moment it was broken, I felt a pain as if my whole body was being torn apart. Even though I was inside an annoying case of ice, the pain resuscitated me and I felt like dying” (Lancer)

“Well, sorry to hear that. Now, let’s give the advance signal to the demons and take it easy. As expected, I am unable to fight for some time” (Sofia)

“… Your sword was broken and your armor destroyed. You are even more tattered than when you fought against me. That your fighting spirit hasn’t weakened is commendable, or more like shocking” (Lancer)

Lancer’s words smelled like sarcasm. And at the same time, he was also praising the ability of his partner Sofia.

“In your case, you killed my companions, right? Well, they were reckless people that were gathered to kill a dragon anyways” (Sofia)

“Fumu, this time no one died huh” (Lancer)

“Yeah, almost all of my equipment is a goner and my body is all rattled. Even so this is probably better. We were able to take care of that pervert called Raidou or something like that. In a country without a hero, we will be able to provide enough damage to cease the functioning of Limia” (Sofia)

One could feel the amazement in Sofia’s words. Even for the girl named the Dragon Killer that has passed numerous battles, the self-called merchant Raidou was an existence she couldn’t comprehend.

An anti-magic sword that was filled with a supreme dragon’s power against a barrier. In that attack that she gave her all, she was only able to offset the barrier. An incredibly strong barrier. And despite all that he took his time to reform his own barrier.

Using an amount of time that could be called way too long in a battlefield to confirm the situation, and on top of that, his indecisive part which only though about escaping from the very beginning. After that, using a homing magic that Sofia hasn’t seen before. Thinking about the cost and performance of homing functions, it is an inefficient act no one would perform.

His sword skills were like a newbie who was growing his pubes. For his skills with the dagger to be like that, it was awful. It was to the point one would think he was making fun of the battlefield. At least, that’s how Sofia felt.

(But that last attack… For some reason, at that one time, Raidou stepped forward. Even though he was taken aback and was showing signs of retreating. Because of that, he was able to properly clash swords with me, moreover, he broke my sword) (Sofia)

In those movements, she felt like it wasn’t his own will but an instinctive action that kicked in. A movement that went against the predictions of the Dragon Killer.

The thoughts of stepping forward against an upcoming weapon is an action that is practically impossible for a magician. Even if he is a so called merchant. However, Raidou did it. It made Sofia wonder if Raidou actually has experience in swordsmanship.

(Are you telling me in that situation his body was able to remember those movements and connected his actions? He didn’t give me the impression that he trained so much to be able to do something like that though. That means…) (Sofia)

“Oi, something is…” (Lancer)

Lancer’s whisper-like words returned Sofia’s consciousness to reality. She soon understood why he was looking at the sky with a distorted expression.

From the sky, several dozens of blue lines came raining down from the sky. Breaking through the clouds, they all came down without distinction.

Each one was thin and were piercing the ground like a buckshot. If the barrier of Lancer wasn’t there, the bullets would have hit where the two of them were. The power of the bullets were on a level Lancer’s defense was able to defend against, but it was an attack that didn’t weaken. Thinking about the numbers, it was in a level that would rain for 10 minutes or so in the battlefield.

The demon army that had resumed their march, seeing the blue lights falling, one could tell that they were falling into chaos. Luckily, it didn’t seem like there would be a second round falling, but it was a situation where they can’t relax.

“?! This is!” (Sofia)

“Damn Raidou, is he telling us he will take us all along to his grave?!” (Lancer)

“I am going! I will go and obstruct him. If this continues, the army will be affected!” (Sofia)

“Sofia, you can’t! With the attack just now, the blades working as foothold were all destroyed. To think he would be able to destroy that amount of blades!” (Lancer)

“Then create more now. The next round might… wait” (Sofia)

The words of Sofia urging Lancer were stopped midway. Her eyes were looking at the sky again. Looking at the clouds that were blocking the view of the one man that should be there.

“… An attack to destroy the footholds for the sake of not pursuing him. That one just now was for that reason right, Raidou? You are telling us your real attack is coming now” (Sofia)

Lancer’s expression was filled with bitterness. Sofia was staring up as well.

This attack just now was practically thrash for Makoto. Even with that, it was a magic with wide area of effect and with more than average power. And in truth, the demon army that received this attack had their formations disturbed.

Its element was water. Lancer looks at one of his legs. Unable to completely stop his attack, he received the magic and was now frostbitten. He wasn’t sure if he will be able to use it anymore, but at least he was sure that this level of wound will not let him use his leg in this battlefield.

“Just how much will he make me laugh, that guy. This isn’t an amount of magic power a single person should be able to create! And you are telling me he still has something up his sleeves?” (Sofia)

“Water element huh. One can tell he is quite confident in his ability with water” (Lancer)

(But what does this mean? A water spirit hasn’t lend anyone its powers in this place. Not only that, the magic power in the area is practically unused. There is no way he was able to create these spells without utilizing the magic power in the area…) (Lancer)

The supreme dragon Lancer notices a strange point. A big amount of magic power is needed in order to do wide area attack magic. Of course, one would need the help of a spirit and also the magic power in the surroundings. Because it is impossible to do so with your own magic power.

“Water. In that case, with this…” (Sofia)

Hearing Lancer’s whisper, Sofia was enlightened and she holds a necklace in her hands.

This is a product that lets one gain the assistance of a water spirit, and Lancer also knows of this property. However, the usage is only one time. In terms of water, one would probably obtain omnipotence over it. An incredibly high-grade tool. It’s so valuable they didn’t use it against the “arrow” of Raidou. Because Sofia and Lancer were confident they could manage without it. As a result, Lancer received an injury and when thinking about the current situation, it might have been the correct decision to save it.

(Certainly, with that we would be able to erase the influence of a water spirit from his spells. And normally it could even make him misfire. No matter what he tries to shoot, with the water spirit prohibiting his skills, the attacks he will be able to shoot are going to be limited. But… what’s with this bad presentiment?) (Lancer)

“Lancer, I am counting on you for foothold. I will go where the effective range is and destroy his magic” (Sofia)

“… That is, you can’t Sofia” (Lancer)

“Why?” (Sofia)

“Because it is not certain. We will use that, however, it will be for defense” (Lancer)

Believing in his instincts as a supreme dragon, he gives instructions to Sofia.

And then he contacts the commander of the demon army. The commander that was trying to calm down the disorder received a contact from the two who took the front and fought against that person who was summoned by that annoying light. He soon reacted to his message.

Even when seeing the golden light that is characteristic of the Goddess, the commander wasn’t controlled by hatred and just concentrated on arranging for the new situation. Since the ones who headed to the light were Sofia and Lancer, controlling the army was easier. Anyways, he is a capable one.

‘Prepare for an incoming attack in the surroundings and create a defense barrier as quick as you can’

One could tell the demon army reacted to the orders promptly. As expected, they are really well trained, is what Lancer thought in admiration as he overlooked the situation. But there wasn’t much time left. A straining magic power is beginning to converge. Like an idiot who only knows of one thing, he predicted that another of those “arrows” was coming.

“Defense, huh. Understood. Certainly, I have a bad feeling about this” (Sofia)

“That’s how it is. You are able to go over there right?” (Lancer)

Lancer points at the demon army. He already deployed his glittering blades in the vicinity.

“Your preparations are fast. Then, I’ll be going” (Sofia)

“I’m counting on you” (Lancer)

Sofia nods at Lancer’s words. While cradling him on her arms, she exchanges positions with a blade.

A great noise pricks the ears of the two. They were in the middle of the troops so it is to be expected. The two of them hurry to the inside of the defense barrier.

“And? Should I use this now?” (Sofia)

Sofia holds the necklace and asks Lancer.

“Let’s see. In this part should be fine. Sofia, use that only to envelop us. Just in case” (Lancer)

“?!”

“If it is placed on top of the barrier, my heart won’t settle” (Lancer)

“… Even though we have shared a table with them for a few days. How cruel” (Sofia)

“It’s not like we have become companions. You also, I don’t feel guilt in you though?” (Lancer)

“We are in the battlefield after all. In terms of position, we are mercenaries. It is obvious to think about our lives as priority. I will follow the decision of my partner” (Sofia)

Sofia sends magic power to the indigo blue jewel necklace. The jewel glitters and crumbles, enveloping the two of them with the same blue glittering the jewel produced.

“It’s coming” (Lancer)

Lancer says.

“Really, we are like a bush snake” (Sofia)

Sofia’s words sound as if she was regretting something, but her expression showed an interest in what was about to occur.

“We got no choice. If we were to look at the situation just as it is, the demons would have all rushed to that golden light and we would be unable to resume their march. That color which represents the Goddess is a symbol of fear and hatred for the demon race. If the troops we finally managed to put in order cause an insurgence, we wouldn’t be able to achieve our objective” (Lancer)

“And then, this is the result. Wouldn’t it have been easier if we just let them rush to that Raidou guy and have him kill about half of them in order to tie them back in fear?” (Sofia)

“If it’s just about the result. Well, objectively speaking, we might have been able to negotiate with him” (Lancer)

“What do you mean?” (Sofia)

“That he might actually be willing to cooperate with our objectives, and for that sake Raidou would be tolerant. Is what I assumed” (Lancer)

“I see. An impossible alternative huh” (Sofia)

“You… you should have noticed that he at least has hostility towards the Goddess right? But its fine to see it as that being all it is” (Lancer)

“It did feel that way. If he is someone that doesn’t care about the methods in order to achieve an objective, this attack would be the rising of the curtains. Ah, it’s coming” (Sofia)

“Umu. You have perception on the level of a demon race. As expected of you. Right on the mark” (Lancer)

It seems normal demon soldiers were beginning to sense the incoming attack. Something similar to screams were heard from here and there.

(What scary magic power. If it comes down just like that, even the hyumans that scattered will be caught in it! Ah, I see. What’s strange was the magic power. There’s no doubt what is coming is that arrow magic. It’s not a wide area magic. That means, he is not using the magic power dispersed in the world nor is he using the support of a spirit. He is using his own magic resource to create magic of this scale. Then don’t tell me the amount of magic power he has in himself is already…?!) (Lancer)

His thoughts were cut off at that moment.

A blue light illuminating his body.

—-

A blue distorted arrow opens a hole in the clouds.

The size isn’t that big. To the point one can’t comprehend how it bore such a big hole in the clouds.

In the beginning, seeing the difference between the size and the magic power they felt, they were as if all their tension was gone.

But the change took only an instant.

No one knows what happened inside the arrow, but a circle shaped ripple was born from inside it. It was as if an object had fallen into a water surface that ripple spread into the sky.

A few noticed the arrow swelled and accelerate.

Drawing a ripple in the sky once, the clear blue arrow repeats the same reaction.

3 times, 4 times. As the ripples increased in the sky, the arrow increased its size and speed.

It had already became a giant spear that released blue light. The spear pierced an area a bit away from the center of the demon army.

The army should have created a defense barrier in the vicinity. However, as if saying there was none, spears began piercing the crown of the troops’ heads.

A final reaction occurs. But this time, it wasn’t in the sky. It was because the spear was already in a state where it is pierced in the center of the army. It blows away the soldiers in its surroundings and when the distortion returns to its origin point, a freezing gale takes its place and rages. The devastating wind instantly converts the demons at a wide scope into frozen sculptures. The spear that had already created a disaster, in place of the ripples, it now accelerates and burrows completely into the ground.

A moment of silence.

From the feet of all the demons, no, in the whole ground itself a light is emitted. In the beginning it illuminated the whole battlefield and extended to the sky like a line, next, innumerable amount of lights of differing thickness followed. In a short amount of time, the landscape and sky were painted by the light.

A magnificent view. This was the only word that described this attack.

The spell caster, Mitsumi Makoto, probably wouldn’t expect such a spectacle of this level would occur.

Makoto? He is most likely thinking this only amounted to pestering the battlefield.

He didn’t notice…

That the brid he fired onto Sofia and Lancer was on a size totally different from when he shot it in the far off skies. A magic that he activated while experiencing the battlefield, moreover, in a state where his mind was totally filled with a danger to his life. A magic he slowly created while concentrating more than the normal. The difference in power is big. There’s no doubt one of the reasons was because he was able to be in a normal state of mind in the far off sky, no, it was because this was the second time he was experiencing that misfortunate occurrence he was able to manage.

Moreover, he is using as a reference the power of the ring explosion that destroyed the clone body of Tomoe and the Arke that was barely saved. And it only caused the chain explosion of 4 rings. Mitsumi Makoto evaluates his own magic power way too low.

Whenever a ring was broken, the brid rapidly increased the range of its power by leaps and bounds. Makoto wouldn’t even dream that it would create ripples in the sky and turn into a giant spear, piercing into the ground.

That everything he saw, the river, stream, forest, woods, the meadows where the demons were in and even the far off dried brown earth as well.

Everything was being enveloped in light. The hyuman army that was retreating was no exception. In the place they were was also in the diameter of the light that spear created.

Everything it touched was frozen and at the same time, being basked by that enormous energy, they break into dust. Turning into dust, they didn’t even leave a shadow behind and just dye the place in blue color. The spear that fell down from the sky had already created a destruction dome in its hemisphere.

In an instant that felt like eternity, the light steadily disperses.

At the site one could see the devastation as if the place was grinded… or not.

A big accumulation of water that was slightly smaller than the dome, but bigger than a pond. A single “lake” was created.

Just how much power is it needed to achieve this? At least not in the scope that a single person would be able to possess. It was fitting to call it a tactical weapon.

In the place where a forest was there and a prairie as well, a single surface of water reflects the sky as if it was always there to begin with. Water flowed into the several rivers that were in the vicinity, and they flow downstream again. It was an attack that changed the map.

On its lake surface, it was sparse, but there was the shadow of something floating in the air.

It practically didn’t move from its place. It wasn’t a soldier that survived miraculously. Most of them had barely any part of their body left and the state of their corpses varied. No, to be able to retain a part of your body in that destruction is enough to call it a miracle.

But that shadow was shaped as a person. Not only did it retain its whole body, while trembling, it put its right hand on its face and moves the wet hair that was blocking its eyes.

It was the Dragon Killer, Sofia Bull.

When looking carefully, close to her, one could also see a kid who lost one of his legs. Lancer.

“… Lancer, are you alive?” (Sofia)

“…..”

“Hey, that necklace. If used as defense, even if it is only one time, isn’t it supposed to protect the user completely from water element magic?” (Sofia)

“……”

“My “substitute” was destroyed, my order-made armor was destroyed and practically everything related to defense was blown away though? Look at me, I am naked, NAKED” (Sofia)

Just as she said, right now she was practically naked. Her shirt was torn apart and only a miserable amount remained, but there is no way one could expect any effects aside from working as cloth.

“… I see. It took one of my legs” (Lancer)

The leg he was dragging was gone. He wasn’t left unscathed.

“Raidou, that bastard is dead right?” (Sofia)

“… Probably. He might be floating just like us though” (Lancer)

Without exchanging looks, the two of them look at the sky while talking. They aren’t even touching the topic about why they are floating. It must be because somewhere in their mind, they understood they miraculously survived. That is what their eyes told as they look into the distant sky.

“… I think we should look for him and kill him before he grows up. If he learns competency and foundation, all hope will be lost” (Sofia)

“He is dead. He fell and died. For now just leave it at that. Anyways, even if we look for him now, there is no assurance that we can kill him. First we have to heal our wounds and prepare our equipment. I wouldn’t be able to handle having a mysterious body, who I don’t even know its origins, destroy our itinerary” (Lancer)

“Maybe he was not going all out?” (Sofia)

Sofia’s expression grew a bit fainthearted. She felt like Raidou was probably not being serious. Of course, he fought against the Dragon Killer. He was most likely serious, or so she wants to believe. It was a slight doubt she had in her heart.

“I don’t understand. I don’t understand anything at all. It’s as if we were blindfolded by the Goddess. I don’t know what happened and I can’t explain it at all. Being like this, I really want to press some questions to that Goddess. Maybe we should have shown him, that way we might have heard it someday. About who was the one that called him” (Lancer)

“Raidou huh. I thought about playing with the heroes for a while, but now I won’t be able to do that” (Sofia)

The same belligerent smile she showed to Raidou once again appeared in her lips. Even though it was a situation where they are practically unable to move, she was already thinking about fighting.

“Leave that for later. Finish my task first before going after Raidou. After putting in order your equipment and restored your strength, you can go have your rematch” (Lancer)

The grieving Lancer proposes a plan.

“… You are right. I understand Mitsurugi. My cards are not enough to hunt that yet” (Sofia)

“First of all, we have to regain our stamina and return to land” (Lancer)

“Yeah, we are splendidly unable to move” (Sofia)

The two laughed on the water surface.

At this day, from the 10 or so that miraculously survived this tragic event, a single rumor was born between the hyumans and demons.

About a person wearing red garments, the third envoy of the Goddess. It is said that he possesses a tall figure and peerless beauty and his age is that of a young one.

The small whispered rumors were proved true by that lake and word slowly spread into the world.

“The Devil”

That he is called like that, Mitsumi Makoto still doesn’t know.





Chapter 78 - The waking Makoto


I silently open my eyes and wake up. What was reflected in my eyes was a ceiling I was relatively familiar with.

This is… my room?

It’s been a while since I have collapsed. That anemic-like feeling, I think I haven’t felt it since I was a kid. I was really weak in the past after all.

My way of sleeping as if a pole was sleeping on the bed. How splendid of me. I won’t hear opinions like “that is gross”.

I grab my high-tech blanket that is refreshing at summer and warm at winter, and pull my body up. It is so pleasant, no one would believe this article is used by orcs that live in this barren lands.

It might be nice to use it as merchandise.

However…. how sluggish. I can’t seem to put strength in my body. Is this prove I have been sleeping for several days?

“N, fu~”

?

Eh, there is someone here?

I finally look in a direction other than up. I rub my fingers on my eyes, trying to recover from the somewhat blurred vision I had because I just woke up.

What in the world is this?

I am probably incredibly grateful that I am still half-asleep. Because without opening my mouth, I was able to analyze the situation as if placing a filter in my mind.

In my room, there were 3 people besides me.

First, Tomoe and Mio were sleeping at my left and right. Sleeping together? It doesn’t seem like they are clinging to me. They are quite close though.

Tomoe is in yukata-like clothes. I don’t know what she is punching, but at least she isn’t directing it at me so it is fine. It’s just, the yukata is incredibly disheveled. And also, I don’t want to say too much about underwear but, why is it a *sarashi*?

It’s not like I saw them, I was made to see it, is the excuse I made to no one in particular.

Mio is sleeping like a baby, rolling up her body. She is wearing an incredibly daring pajama that I question the reason she is wearing it. What an appearance, it is poison to the eyes. Well, she is properly wearing underwear so it is barely safe.

As someone who has a big and little sister, this isn’t something I haven’t experienced before. If you ask me if I don’t mind it at all, I would answer that it is embarrassing though.

Fumu, for me to wake up when everyone is sleeping, I have quite the bad timing huh.

At the room’s entrance, Tomoe’s new clone was there. She is leaning on the door and doing a PE sit while sleeping. Is she intending to be a gatekeeper of sorts? One has to pull to open the door, so there is no point though.

She has an eldwa-style katana resting on the door just like the one Tomoe has. That is probably her weapon. Her looks are that of an elementary student, so anything she does would look charming.

She looks like a chibi Tomoe, so I gave her a random name like Komoe. As of now, I regret that decision a bit. Well, I think it sounds better than Tomoe-mini though.

When I look at the window, I see a thin light from between the curtains. It’s probably early in the morning. Also, thinking about the time, I feel like it is a bit too cool. Damn Asora. Did you change seasons again?

However… seriously, how many days has it been since then? I think it is probably 1 or 2 days. I bled a bit, but it wasn’t to the point I would die. Anyways, I was somehow able to return to Asora on my own after all.

On my own huh.

Dragon killer Sofia. She was strong. How to say it, I felt like she had a human-like strength. In terms of strength and speed, I have met numerous people who were several times stronger, but it was more like the way she used that strength. In that situation it would be her equipment and magic maybe.

Things like being able to change her position with Lancer’s blades, or just the ability to change her own position freely. Or maybe it was something that didn’t take in mind anything, a teleportation-kind of skill. The thing is, she was able to act while ignoring the distance to a certain extent. For a person specialized in long-distance attacks like me, this is a topic that brings pain to my head.

It may be a bit rude to say this but, it was scarier than the time with Tomoe or Mio. If they told me she was over level 2,000, I would believe it. For that to be level 920, it would be dangerous to accept that number in face value. “Well that applies to you too”, is what I feel someone would retort.

Attacks that take advantages of openings. I didn’t think this style of fighting would create such a disadvantage for barrier magic. Maybe it is because the parts that you are not conscious about are easier to break through.

Or is it just because Sofia’s weapon is abnormal? She is a person that has passed through a lot of experiences so it might be possible.

If I didn’t have [Sakai], if my magic power was lower, if I didn’t have the equipment of the eldwas; if only one of those were missing, in the worst case, I might have died.

Now that I think about it, the time I have learned magic is not even 1 year. I am an amateur among amateurs. If I compare my current self to the me that only had 1 year of experience in archery, I can clearly understand this. The time when I couldn’t even hold a bow properly. It was in a stage where I couldn’t mind about hitting the target.

Even if it was for the sake of hiding my magic power, I am truly glad I prioritized defense when I came to this world.

No matter if my magic power is as deep as the sea, there is no point if I only have a scoop and bucket to barely use some of it. Even if I still can’t use the whole sea, I have to learn how to use a part of it or it will just be a waste.

To have a limit in my crazy amount of power and only being able to use a minuscule part of it. I am not a maso, so I don’t want to have close fights all the time.

As expected, heading to Academy Town was the right choice. It’s just that this happened before I went there. If they say it’s because of my bad luck, I would believe it.

Problem huh. This time it is troublesome that I don’t even know where I was and how I fought. The reason I was thrown in that place, is probably because of that voice. What about “finding” you bastard Goddess. Because of her convenience, she threw me in the middle of a battle between hyumans and demons. After throwing me into a wasteland now you throw me into a battlefield. I will label you an evil God seriously.

Going through the trouble of doing that and not providing any instructions or support, she really likes to take me for a fool. If there is a next summon, I will definitely oppose it. Well even if I say so, I will leave most of it to my retainers. In terms of space movement, from Tomoe, Mio and Shiki; which one is more fit? It’s probably Tomoe. But if it’s about resisting magic, Mio is also a valid option.

Let’s ask when they wake up. I have to make sure Tomoe and Mio don’t look for retribution as well. No, it isn’t because fighting is not good. I also have things to think about so I am just leaving the fun for later.

Ah right, Shiki. Where is Shiki? If I remember correctly, I was supposed to teleport to some town called Felika. Well, if he went to the Academy just like that, I will be able to arrive there too. Really, to be able to open mist gates in the locations of my retainers, it is quite convenient.

Before Felika… Uhm, the town I was before being forced to the battlefield, Ube-something. Instead of heading there and do the teleport again, it is more comfortable to just directly arrive to Academy Town.

Even when he looks like that, Shiki is actually the worrying type, so maybe he came back here. Let’s try contacting him once and see.

(Shiki, good morning) (Makoto)

I am glad. It seems the link has been restored. I can clearly tell that we are connected.

Confirming that the thought transmission has connected, I try to call him out. Thought transmission is so user-friendly.

(Makoto-sama? Is it Makoto-sama?!) (Shiki)

(Yeah, it is. I am sorry for suddenly disappearing) (Makoto)

From Shiki’s point of view, he didn’t know what happened to me at all so for now I just tell him I disappeared.

(No need to apologize! What about your body? Is there anything wrong with it?) (Shiki)

(Yeah, just a bit sluggish. Just in case I will have you check later. Where are you right now?) (Makoto)

Eh? I feel like I am forgetting something.

(That’s great, truly great. I was right beside you and was unable to do anything. If Makoto-sama didn’t return after this, I would have-!) (Shiki)

(Shiki, I am asking you where you are right now though) (Makoto)

(Ah, I am really sorry! Right now I am in Academy Town, at the examination line. I thought it would be bad to take out the documents before knowing if Makoto-sama was okay, but after hearing that the day before yesterday you returned to Asora injured, I consulted with Tomoe and here I am) (Shiki)

Tomoe huh. Her decisions are like that of a father or more accurately saying, rational. She probably noticed that my injuries would heal properly alone and thought about when I needed to return, so she made Shiki stay there. A more through treatment can be done when I reunite with Shiki there.

I feel like Mio repeatedly told Shiki to come back and heal me, heal me right this instant no questions asked.

Fumu…

I returned the day before yesterday with injuries. Shiki told me. In that case, I have been sleeping for two days huh. Eh, I was in a pretty serious state?

Ah, injury!

Fingers!

Remembering my pretty severe injury, I take both of my hands out to confirm.

That purple thing which made one feel sick just looking at it, where is it now? Now there is only a healthy-looking left arm and hand.

My fingers are all there. They move normally. Actually, I have been using them naturally to move the blanket. Hah~, I may have just woken up, but I really am not in tune. I am airheaded right now.

But…

I-I am glad~~~!!!

And, Shiki said something about lining up? Examination line?

(Hey, Shiki. What is that examination line you are talking about?) (Makoto)

(Ah, to enter Rotsgard a test is necessary. It’s the line you have to wait in order to take it. There should be other methods aside from this inefficient way though. At this rate, Makoto-sama’s exam will probably take place in 6 days) (Shiki)

Certainly, if you have a turn ticket, there would be no need to line up. I feel like just by lining up, people steadily leave because they grow tired. I don’t think that is their objective, right?

I see~. An exam huh. I thought that because of Rembrandt-san’s recommendation, I would be able to enter easily just by doing an interview. Well, the self-proclaimed difficult test of merchants was just a duty education. I shouldn’t worry too much. In the worst case, as long as I am able to obtain knowledge in that town, there isn’t that much of a need for me to get involved with students. For the sake of Rembrandt-san, let’s properly take that test.

6 days huh. I don’t know how big this town is with my own eyes, but there seems to be enough time to check the place around.

(I see. Hey Shiki, you are really diligent you know) (Makoto)

(Wa?) (Shiki)

(Well, you said you use hypnosis and suggestion. So I was thinking, why are you diligently lining up?) (Makoto)

(?!!)

(I am sure it is just because you are trying to give a good impression for my sake though. You are pretty honest) (Makoto)

(……)

(Now then, Shiki. I will be going there now so…) (Makoto)

(Y-Yes) (Shiki)

Shiki’s behavior is a bit strange. Could it be he didn’t get to sleep? It’s this early in the morning and he was still able to answer this fast, so maybe he did an all-nighter. I am sorry for the trouble.

To be able to line up all night is truly incredible. Now that I mention it, in my previous world there were classmates that never missed a festival that was held in a certain place in Tokyo. Even though it was called the “haunt of wicked men” or “hell”, they still talked about it with smiles for some reason.

Tto.

Let’s quickly change clothes. I have made them worry after all. Shiki and everyone.

After changing, I will wake everyone up and tell them that I am alright. And then I will have Shiki do a thorough check and have a tour on Academy Town.

At night we will have a meeting in Asora for detailed reports. Let’s make a mist gate in Academy Town where people can’t see. It seems just by setting a gate once I am able to move from Asora to that place.

However, if it is totally closed it will vanish, so I have to leave remnants. Thinking about the possibility of infiltration, I have ordered Tomoe to completely close them. In places that work as relay points and in a base we will normally transit; in those cases we guard the exits with all we have. Mio is also able to open and close the mist gates that are not completely closed. Shiki still isn’t able to do it. It seems he is having a pretty hard time with it.

The former Lich that possesses a reasonable amount of knowledge and ability is like this. Well, I might just be worrying too much though. A genius level instinct type like Mio might appear and could end up able to pass through them, so in most of the cases I want them to be closed completely to have peace of mind.

Ah wait. In the Academy team it is only me and Shiki so there is probably no need to leave a gate in the meantime. I just need to open and close when necessary.

After arranging my thoughts… I feel gazes.

Moreover, from both sides.

“Waka!”

“Waka-sama!”

I was only able to catch those words. After that I wasn’t able to understand anything else. The words of Mio that felt like they weren’t even words and the words of Tomoe that were actually words but were so fast I couldn’t understand. What is sure is that me changing clothes has become a pretty distant future now.

Being hugged by beauties from both sides should be a pretty rewarding situation and yet, the feelings of worrying them and wanting to say sorry were stronger. It’s been a few months since I met them, but we have passed quite the thick times together.

(Shiki, I am sorry. I might take quite a bit of time going there) (Makoto)

(… Understood. Please don’t push yourself) (Shiki)

I receive words of worry from Shiki.

“Tomoe, Mio. Good morning. It seems I have worried you both, I am sorry” (Makoto)

At this rate, the report meeting feels like it will be in a much later time. I decide to change the schedule a bit.





Chapter 79 - Mio in the middle of a trip


“Mitsurugi you say? That brat, he wasn’t dead huh” (Tomoe)

One could tell Tomoe’s slight surprise from her words. I was somehow able to detach myself from them and tell them the situation, but, as expected, the two of them were quite angered.

“Probably. Also, he was with Dragon Killer that supposedly killed him” (Makoto)

First of all, I have to tell them everything. If I stop all the time to soothe them, I will never end.

“I still don’t know that part yet, I just know that the battlefield the Goddess kidnapped Waka to, is probably one of the battles in order to capture Stella Fortress. It seems it was an awful battle. I heard a big part of the hyumans died. But well, I see, Mitsurugi did that to Waka… Hoh~, fumu…” (Tomoe)

Ignoring Tomoe who is narrowing her eyes in a dangerous way…

I see, Stella Fort huh. It’s a name I haven’t heard before.

Certainly, it was the construction that had the most amount of people around. So that was the fortress huh. I took notice of it when I was high in the skies so it was on the moment I was about to return. In the end it became a losing fight for the hyumans huh.

If people like Sofia are in the demons side, I can understand. That was a scary living being. My last attack was probably only useful as pestering.

Experiencing a place where people kill people is a first in my life, now that I think about it. Not as a spectator but as a concerned party. It may be too late to say it now, but it was scary.

“I see. That Goddess threw me into an outrageous place. Moreover, the moment she found me, she didn’t even say anything! I seriously thought I would die!” (Makoto)

“Doing something like that to Waka-sama, how dare her… Goddess, unforgivable” (Mio)

Mio is now in a state where conversation won’t get through her. She is in a trip of her own. Her eyes have lost color and are completely still. It is a state where her ears are not working properly.

She won’t suddenly go rampage, so there is no need to soothe her for now.

“However, to cause so much trouble for Waka, just how did they do it? With that equipment and magic power, it isn’t something that one can defeat. But it is true that you were severely injured. Wumu” (Tomoe)

“It is because of my negligence and lack of knowledge. I think these were the reasons. Suddenly being thrown in the battlefield and suddenly encountering such a monster, I was in a total state of panic” (Makoto)

I was in a terrible state where not only did I not deploy numerous magic, I wasn’t even able to properly put up a barrier.

“Fumu…” (Tomoe)

“It was a woman that swung around a sword bigger than her own body and was even able to slice twice in midair. On top of that, I don’t know if it was instant movement ability, but she was able to ignore distance as much as she wanted. It made me think that I have to learn how to deploy a barrier as fast as possible and increase the amount of magic power I can use at once. In my current state, I am unable to use my advantages to their best” (Makoto)

“The amount of magic power you can use huh. Certainly. Setting aside the purity and density, Waka normally doesn’t seem like you are using that much magic power. It’s a changed magic with high effectiveness but in terms of aggregate amount, it certainly would be best to be able to form magic on the level of several rings. The time when you were against Mio, Waka had a different atmosphere there too” (Tomoe)

Yeah. Taking into account the amount of magic power I have, the amount I can use is way too low. Only having it is really a waste.

“I think that if I learn the basics in the magic academy, things will change a bit. I will try asking Shiki over there as well” (Makoto)

“… About that. I think that it would be better if we also accompany you there. We don’t know when the Goddess will interfere again. Her saying “found you” must mean that she has been looking for you over there and was able to find you” (Tomoe)

“…”

“Please reconsider” (Tomoe)

I understand the concerns of Tomoe. Even I, if an important friend or family suddenly disappears and returns injured, I would worry as well. I think it is best to strive in not making something like that happen again.

“Tomoe, I am definitely worried about the Goddess, but it is because of that that I don’t want you and Mio who she probably doesn’t know of yet, to hide their existence in Asora. She probably already knows about Shiki now, so instead of making him return, I think it is better to have him stay with me. Just like what I asked you, I want you to research for a way to oppose the summoning of the Goddess. It is also because I want to leave people I can count on in Tsige” (Makoto)

That’s right. I was kidnapped on the magic transfer formation, so Shiki’s existence might have been exposed. But if she discovers the existence of Tomoe and Mio as well, before learning a way to oppose her summon, I feel like she will kidnap me and dry me up.

In that case, I want to hide the two of them. I don’t know if good fortune will come out of this or a misfortune, but I don’t like having the Goddess know all my cards.

“Fuh~ a function to negate the interference of the Goddess and the creation of something so the thought transmission isn’t obstructed. If Waka is able to summon us immediately, the problems will be mostly resolved, so tackling both problems is more efficient. Yareyare, there are only difficult problems. However, I feel honored that Waka thinks of us as trump cards. For the sake of the day to come, we will remain in obscurity for now” (Tomoe)

“Sorry for the trouble. When I arrived at that battlefield, I was unable to feel the connections of anyone. Also the thought transmission was in a suspended state. I was really panicked. It is probably the Goddess’ fault, but the ring that Sofia used later also picked my interest” (Makoto)

“The first time was probably because of the Goddess’ barrier, but the reason why it was restored for a second and then returned to the previous state might be because something obstructed the interference of the Goddess. The information we need to collect is way too much. I can’t ask you to let me go there and investigate in more detail either” (Tomoe)

The words “restored for a second” of Tomoe interested me. I also want to know about what happened as a whole in that battlefield. Well, me going to the actual place to investigate right now feels like a poor move, so I refrain from that.

“Sorry for counting on you for everything. For the time being I will also do my best in regards to summoning everyone. I promise that if there is a time it is okay to rampage, I will definitely call you both” (Makoto)

Sorry for pushing all the troublesome things to you dad. In terms of countermeasures against the Goddess, the only thing I can think of is pulling my bow as much as I want and obtain magic power surpassing hers. Right now my equipment is able to hide my magic power so maybe I should do it.

Ah~, I want to shoot.

“I am looking forward to that. Nevertheless, I don’t want to feel that liver wrenching sensation again, so please prioritize a summon route. It is okay if it’s just my needless anxiety but please, instead of using magic formations to mobilize, use Asora. We will manage the increase of gates on this side” (Tomoe)

“Ah, okay” (Makoto)

No good. I was showing withdrawal symptoms from my lack of archery. Even if I was unable to eat or sleep, I never missed a time with my bow after all. More like, it is a given. Now that it has come to this, I will not restrain myself.

“The battle between hyumans and demons is still far north. Fumu, in that case we need a detached force for the battlefield verification huh” (Tomoe)

“I will leave it to you. If it is Tomoe’s personal selection, I can have peace of mind” (Makoto)

Let’s flatter her a bit. I have been asking her a lot after all. Also, if it is Tomoe, there isn’t that much worries about throwing the job to the wrong personnel and cause a big mess. I may be overestimating her though.

“Thank you for your graceful words. Also, can you have a word with Mio as well?” (Tomoe)

With a quite troubled face, Tomoe points out Mio. Her face is telling me she doesn’t want to deal with her.

“…”

Mio huh. Her miasma is unnaturally thick right now and I really don’t want to get close. Maybe I should tell her to think countermeasures along with Tomoe in order for this to not repeat again?

Hmph.

Yeah!

But I refuse!

Ignore ignore!

“Go and wake her up Tomoe. Shiki is waiting for me so I will be going now. It is pitiful to make him line up alone right? Shiki doesn’t know the situation at all too” (Makoto)

“… As you will. When you return, there will be a surprise so be careful. Also, lying is no good. The first one you made contact with was Shiki right?” (Tomoe)

“W-Well, I would be grateful if you don’t think too much about the order. There was no deeper meaning in me contacting Shiki first after all” (Makoto)

Surprise she says. What a bad feeling those words give! At least say look forward to it. Moreover, for some reason she knows that I have done thought transmission with Shiki.

But I don’t want to get close to the current Mio. Tomoe’s surprise will probably be in a scope profitable for me, so for now I will endure. If things get busy at the Academy, I don’t know when I will be able to return. Leaving aside the surprise, I am looking forward to the reports of what they did while I was in the academy.

But for now it would be better to be cautious about the Goddess in terms of communication. Mobilizing by mist, I can’t really hold back from that one. They are way too convenient. I can’t use them as frequently now, but mobilizing with them is something I will probably be doing. It doesn’t seem like the Goddess has noticed that I am using Asora as an intermediary to move. Probably the Goddess knows all the actions I did at that time, or maybe not. In that case, it is about that bug, she would probably come to me saying a word of complain or two. If she is not coming, it is probably safe to say she doesn’t know yet.

Yareyare, I haven’t entered Academy Town and it is already like this.

No matter which is the case, what I have to do is polish myself. Let’s go strengthen myself for anti-Goddess measures. Before even learning about hyumans and magic, that Goddess might once again drag me into some trouble.

Geez.

In time, there will be no need for you to look for me, I will be the one going to you, so sit your ass and wait there. The things I want to do, want to aim for; if I am able to at least clear those, there is no need to stay hidden anymore.

No matter if I stand out or not, I will continue business and search for information about my parents.

“U-Uhm!”

When I was about to head to the Academy, a new voice calls me out. From PE sit to a firm and upright posture, a single girl holding her loved katana with both hands like embracing it, was there.

“Ah, Komoe-chan. Did I wake you up? Sorry” (Makoto)

“Waka-sama, please don’t push yourself and have a safe trip!” (Komoe)

You are a kid so it is okay to not force yourself to use polite language. Well, having a small girl doing her best talking is something that brings a smile to my face though.

“Okay, I will be going now. If Komoe-chan is being bullied by Tomoe, tell me okay?” (Makoto)

Waving my hand at her, I pass through the mist gate.

“Komoe will do her best!” (Komoe)

Komoe is tightly holding a long sword bigger than her. I didn’t hold that many conversations with the first generation. Because I thought the consciousness of the clones were shared with the original body. But Komoe holds a separate consciousness from Tomoe. The first generation didn’t hold that many conversations with Tomoe either and seemed to be doing decisions, so I misunderstood. Or maybe Komoe is different. But I don’t intend to confirm this. I will treat her as a completely different person. That’s fine for me.

Taking that into account, I am probably treating her kindly. Even when I know this won’t atone for the death of the first generation.

Ah~ but…

If Tomoe were this polite with me it would be nice~.

I grasp the position of Shiki.

“… Waka, I like samurais but… I wish you to stop the pedophilia” (Tomoe)

“Like hell I am!!” (Makoto)

The words that Tomoe said with a slightly serious face, I thoroughly deny them.

The last words of her wore me out a bit, but I still continue to head out to Academy Town.





Chapter 80 - Normal operations of Asora


“Now that Waka has gone. Mio, how long do you plan to stay like that?” (Tomoe)

The moment Makoto was enveloped in mist and disappeared, the voice of Tomoe reverberates in the room where Makoto isn’t anymore.

But the words that were directed at the black haired girl Mio were not answered and she just continued biting her thumb nail while mumbling words in a low voice. Tomoe seems to have given up on waiting for her answer and turns to her clone, Komoe, who is standing at the entrance.

“Komoe, you don’t have to guard the room’s door anymore. Go play with the forest ogres, I will be going there later” (Tomoe)

“Ah, yes! Understood, Tomoe-sama” (Komoe)

“You remember what I told you right?” (Tomoe)

“Of course! If I cut, heal it” (Komoe)

“Good. Then, I am counting on you… What is it?” (Tomoe)

“Tomoe-sama, there is something I want to ask” (Komoe)

“Tell me” (Tomoe)

“What does “pedophilia” mean?” (Komoe)

“… In time I will tell you. Right now it’s too soon. Now, don’t let the forest ogres do nothing” (Tomoe)

“Y-Yes, understood! I will be going now!” (Komoe)

Komoe does a big nod and walks out. Tomoe watches her out. Seeing the opened door, the dwarfs, orcs, lizards and Arkes must have noticed a change in the situation, they peeked inside the room. Tomoe smiles wryly at the residents that show worry at Makoto’s well-being. That the forest ogres also came to check, surprised her a bit. Because she thought they would be firmly waiting at the training grounds. She thought she had cornered them to the very limit, but it seems they still have some leeway, so Tomoe decided to change their menu a bit.

“Uhm, how is Makoto-sama?”

One of the orcs says in a really reserved manner. It is the orc chief’s daughter who does the administration and management in Asora, Ema. She is wise and it seems that her negotiation skills were originally high, she was able to act around the other races without feeling any sort of barrier between them. A capable woman. Moreover, her loyalty to Makoto is high. Tomoe and Mio respect Ema.

“Ah, Ema huh. If it’s Waka, he woke up a few moments ago. He told me to tell everyone that he is alright” (Tomoe)

“But I don’t see him around” (Ema)

“I had him go to the Academy where Shiki is. Because it is better if he checks him in detail. There is no one here that has experience in treating a human after all. Shiki who was a former hyuman, is the best one for the job right?” (Tomoe)

“… You are right. Understood. Will he be coming back at night?” (Ema)

“Let’s see, I don’t know about tonight, but let’s have him come back soon in order to show everyone his well-being. Those dwarfs over there, I am a bit doubtful if they are worried about Waka’s well-being or the equipments’ well-being though” (Tomoe)

Tomoe sneaks a look at the dwarfs there and narrows her eyes.

“U-Unthinkable! We are also worried about Waka’s well-being at foremost!”

“I see, I see, I understand that. Anyways, for now tell the other people at the village that Waka is alright. The lizards and Arkes as well, alright?” (Tomoe)

Everyone nods at Tomoe’s words. And following her words, they began acting and leave from the door.

“Yareyare, what a troublesome bunch. However, understanding how much Waka is loved makes me a bit happy as well” (Tomoe)

“Waka-sama?! Waka-sama isn’t here?!” (Mio)

“… Mio. You finally woke up huh” (Tomoe)

“Tomoe-san, where is Waka-sama?!” (Mio)

Seeing Mio who is instantly desperate, Tomoe makes a wry smile. After returning from her trip, she is like this. The pain of her master Makoto, even if only a part, Tomoe understood it.

“He went to Academy Town. While you were murmuring” (Tomoe)

“W-What did you say?!” (Mio)

Mio, who was sitting on the bed, stands up vigorously. But after that she may have felt anemia or something, she staggered and placed a hand on her head.

“H-Hot…” (Mio)

“Fool. After doing so much regeneration, your magic power and stamina will not return so fast. Just stay there and obediently recover” (Tomoe)

The voice of Tomoe that sounded amazed. However, taking a closer look, the color of her face wasn’t that good either. And just as how Mio was, she also sat down at the bed.

“Uh, how pathetic. Even though I want to go and kill that so called Dragon Killer and Superior Dragon as soon as possible…” (Mio)

“We are not healing specialists. Doing something outside our expertize, it is obvious we would become like this” (Tomoe)

“That’s why it would have been better to call Shiki here. That thing is useful if it’s for healing after all” (Mio)

“Don’t say that. Anyways, by the time I hurriedly came when I heard the report of Komoe, there was already one person unreasonably casting regeneration spells on him” (Tomoe)

“T-That is…” (Mio)

“Even if I was able to remove the curse that was hindering his recovery in the middle to follow up on your spell and somehow were able to return him to his original state, who knows what kind of compensation you would have to take if you were to try and heal Waka alone” (Tomoe)

Tomoe sighs. By the time she ran there, Mio was clearly distressed. She even felt a madness in her bloodshot eyes, the eyes of someone that would pay any price in order to achieve their objective.

“… I don’t care about the price I would have to take” (Mio)

Even though she was reflecting on her actions, she didn’t regret them. That is what Mio’s face said.

“What a troublesome one you are. And so you are telling me it would be fine to lose an arm?” (Tomoe)

In a joking tone Tomoe asks Mio, but Mio made a surprised face and looks back at her.

“Of course. If that would heal him” (Mio)

“…”

“Even if I were to become an empty-shell, I would be satisfied-desu. Because my everything belongs to Waka-sama” (Mio)

Mio calmly tells her that even if she lost all her limbs, it would still satisfy her. Tomoe makes a big sigh.

“… You are really an idiot-ja” (Tomoe)

“A-About what-desu?! Also, isn’t Tomoe saying “idiot idiot” way too much?!” (Mio)

“To a point that it is still not enough. You may be satisfied by that, but if he were to see your deed and your appearance, Waka would cry” (Tomoe)

“Eh?” (Mio)

“Try to think about it. We are in a ruling relationship with Waka. In normal terms, we would have to absolutely follow his orders. Our movements and will would be as Waka wishes. Even so, he gave us this much freedom and lets us do as we want. It is a kind treatment that is no different from a covenant. He probably doesn’t think he is ruling us. He probably thinks of us as companions, family” (Tomoe)

“Companions, family…” (Mio)

“Right. That’s how much he treasures us. That’s why it is proper to be ready to throw away our everything for Waka, but we also have to stay healthy in order to serve Waka the best we can. As long as we stay with him, take care of your own body” (Tomoe)

“…”

“Oi, are you listening Mio? I am telling you something pretty important here you know?” (Tomoe)

“You… Saying all that even though you went and picked a fight on a high ranking dragon in who knows where……” (Mio)

Mio, with her head hanging down, mumbles these words while looking at Tomoe.

“Uuugh?!” (Tomoe)

“You said something about Root right? And you went to pick a fight with him-desu. While pushing me the job of staying here. That isn’t something that would worry Waka? Is it okay for me to report this to Waka-sama?” (Mio)

“T-That is…” (Tomoe)

“Hmph, just because by chance the person in question wasn’t present and couldn’t meet him, doesn’t change the fact that you tried to do it. I will clearly report this” (Mio)

“W-Wait. I also said a bit too much. My feelings of worry about Waka made me a bit impertinent. Umu, it isn’t strange for me to become like this. That why, you see, don’t go betraying me like that okay?” (Tomoe)

“Who cares. I am stupid after all. Someone like Tomoe-san should have her period dramas sealed for a while-desu wa” (Mio)

“Y-Yoooouu~ what kind of scary things are you saying? Ah, I know-ja. Later, I will be going to the place where Waka battled. And so, when I get information about that Dragon Killer and Mitsurugi, the first one I will tell will be Mio. And after, we can secretly rampage a bit without telling Waka… or something like that” (Tomoe)

“… And?” (Mio)

“And?!” (Tomoe)

“…”

“Umu, I understand! Also I will cooperate in compiling the videos you were interested in. How about that?” (Tomoe)

“… Really?” (Mio)

“There is no turning back in a samurai’s words” (Tomoe)

“Then, I will forgive you for calling me an idiot. Now go and investigate the place where Waka fought quickly please” (Mio)

“Y-Yes, understood” (Tomoe)

(Well, I was also thinking about giving that brat my thanks for what he did anyways. Accompanying Mio to rampage a bit might prove fun) (Tomoe)

The secret talk of Tomoe and Mio, surprisingly ended in Mio turning the tables. While doing what Makoto asked them to do, the two retainers decided on an ominous thing secretly.

By the time both of them were able to move their bodies, the sun was already high up in the sky. Asora was somehow able to operate normally.





Chapter 81 - Misunderstanding


Several days passed after reuniting with Shiki. Being freed from the line, he accompanied me to tour the streets of Academy Town.

This town has a city smell that Tsige didn’t have. I was enjoying the townscape constructed mainly of stone.

As expected of Academy Town. Maybe it is because a lot of people from different lands gather here, the lined up goods and the attires of the people walking had a strong sense of individuality. It has a wideness that Tsige didn’t have and I was able to stroll without getting tired.

Right now I am in the middle of that.

Suddenly, I stop my feet.

“What happened Raidou-sama?” (Shiki)

“Nothing, is what I want to say but, that…” (Makoto)

Signaling with my eyes, I point out a group of 5 quarreling with a woman. The sight of people picking on the weak isn’t something strange in Academy Town.

But for that weak to be a hyuman is unusual. It would be one thing if we were in a special environment like in the Zeno base, but in Tsige I didn’t see something like that happen.

With a demi-human, it is quite the normal happening though. In the middle of a journey or in here where the teachings of the Goddess are sufficiently strong, the standing of the demi-humans is low. As that bug would say, the demi-humans are failed products of hyumans and they only exist because of God’s compassion, so they should serve the completed product, the hyumans. Is that bug serious? To think the teachings itself were crooked as well.

“Ah, it is probably extortion or something of the sort” (Shiki)

“Who knows, isn’t that just bullying?” (Makoto)

“Bullying huh. Yeah, it does look that way” (Shiki)

Shiki doesn’t seem to be that interested. Well, I am probably worrying too much because I came from another world.

Now that I think about it, when I told Shiki that I came from another world and told him about the things regarding the Goddess, he made quite the ruckus. It was to the point that I was beginning to doubt if all his vocabulary was gone except for the words unbelievable, incredible, impossible. He repeated those words while walking around in the narrow room.

His eyes were glittering like the time when Tomoe used me as an intermediary to peek at my memories.

Luckily, at the present time he is not hooked into any videos yet. It would be troublesome if he gets a weird hobby, but it is natural to feel something after touching a different culture, so there might be some sort of influence in him. I am already prepared for it. If Shiki does a rebirth, I will accept him… As long as he doesn’t awaken to BL

“Bullying between hyumans isn’t something I have seen, so I will go and take a look for a bit” (Makoto)

“Raidou-sama?” (Shiki)

It isn’t because the one being bullied is a girl. It’s just… those eyes.

Those eyes haven’t gone cold, nor are the eyes of someone that has given up, or ones that are warped. Just what are they? I was a bit interested.

“Oi, say something!”

I exchange looks with Shiki. That there is another person who can talk for me is something reassuring.

“Ah, can you leave it at that?” (Shiki)

No no, why are you asking them in question form. Shiki, at these times you have to be cool and assertive.

“… Who are you guys?”

“Oioi, can’t you see these clothes? Are you guys stupid?”

The idiot said something. Clothes? Ah, all of them are wearing the same clothes. Or more like, those are clothes I have seen quite a lot since I came here.

I can think of the reason why.

(Is it okay to kill them, Makoto-sama?) (Shiki)

(Wait!) (Makoto)

(Stupid? He called ME stupid? Or could it be… at Makoto-sama? Ah, this is death sentence right. Understood) (Shiki)

(Don’t understand it! It is fine to just look at them with painful eyes and push those words aside! Don’t suddenly go killing! Understand?!) (Makoto)

(Aw. U-Understood) (Shiki)

Aw, he says. Tomoe is fine but, will Mio be fine? I hope she isn’t going around killing. Tomoe is accompanying her, so I trust that they won’t do anything excessive. I believe in them!

“Anyways, all of you get lost. Feel lucky I won’t be killing you” (Shiki)

Ah, their clothes are probably uniforms. They must be students at the Academy. There are a number of colors for it, but the design is practically the same.

This is something that makes me wonder, are the heroes and me the first ones to come here?

The blazers really look alike. Is that coincidence? It is more convincing for me if someone has already come and told them the design.

I don’t think all worlds have the same school uniforms.

Tte.

(Shiki, are you not good in conversations?) (Makoto)

(No. But I am not good at dealing with idiots) (Shiki)

Ah, I see.

He is thoroughly picking a fight. Those people might become my classmates.

That they are exaggerating the importance of the clothes might be because the students here are pretty high standing? When talking about students that are still studying a lot of subjects, in terms of society, their standing should normally be low.

Because if I said something like: “Can’t you see this uniform? I am a high school student you know?” in my common sense, people would without a doubt treat me as crazy.

Is the position of a student higher because we are in Academy Town? If it’s because the town is specialized in scholarship and research, making engineers and researchers’ position higher, I would understand. But to put the students that are just the unhatched eggs in such a high pedestal, is like putting up a mountain of people.

“Don’t mess around with us!”

It seems from his palms, magic power is gathering. A spell huh.

In an incredibly slow speed, moreover, making a loud aria that everyone can hear. This isn’t a kindergarten sports event you know.

[Sorry, but is this some sort of performance?]

If they are trying to begin a show, then this kind of aria is okay but the situation right now is a fight.

That’s why I wrote these words with my honest feelings. However, it seems I truly made them angry. They glared at me with intensity.

(So Makoto-sama is joining the fray) (Shiki)

(You are totally misunderstanding) (Makoto)

“Wa! So fast!”

Shiki finishes an aria for earth element magic. Or more like, it is the normal speed. As expected of students, they don’t know how the real world works. If you continue like that, a scary woman will cut you to pieces you know?

Shiki hits the ground with his staff that’s enveloped in black light. It’s a staff the eldwas barely made in time and I gave to him apologetically. It seems the efficiency is pretty high and the moment Shiki took it in his hands, his eyes were wide open.

The guys all went gyaaa and waaa.

The five of them screamed in a way that lacked individuality and it reverberated in the streets. Seriously, learn of the hoodlums in Tsige.

From the feet of the student-looking people, a pillar of stone made from Shiki’s magic protruded out and invited them to the sky. The bullied girl looks like she is inside that stone pillar prison. Oops, maybe I should have wrote something. To suddenly be surrounded by stone pillars of several meters is something that might be scary for her.

Well~ they are splendidly towering. For now let’s remove them. It troubles the people around after all. The passersby are starting to make a ruckus about what is going on.

I gently touch the stone pillars.

Grasp the linked magic composition and reverse it. I find the part that serves as a core and destroy it with darkness.

As if it didn’t even exist to begin with, the numerous pillars disappear. Now, what will the people who were thrown to the sky do? They seem to be able to use magic, maybe? Different from me, one of them should be able to use wind magic.

“Splendidly done. It won’t be long before counter-spell is complete” (Shiki)

It would be great if that happens. I made an ambiguous smile at Shiki in response. Negating the magic of an acquaintance and a magic I already know of, won’t bring much results. There are people like Sofia, so my enthusiasm in completing magic negation is slowly fading.

[Are you okay? If you are able to read this, I don’t know about the reason, but since we have involved ourselves in it already, it would be great if you run away]

“Eh, a…”

The girl is surprised by the writing appearing in front of her. Maybe she is a waiter. It isn’t maid clothes, but she is wearing an apron, has frills, and other parts that make me think she has a job in that kind of area.

She was looking at the men that were in the sky and letters suddenly appeared in front of her, so maybe I scared her.

… The strange light she had in her eyes was already gone. Too bad. Well, that’s fine. In the end, it was just interest.

“I didn’t ask to be saved”

So she can read, I see. Then I can communicate with her.

[I didn’t do this aiming for a reward or anything. We might never meet again so don’t worry about it]

“…”

[Hurry and go]

“I am working as a waiter in the Gotetsu local that’s close to here. I live there while working, so please come when you have the time. I will at least repay you”

[If I feel like it]

The girl runs off. The netted hair that was long enough to hide her shoulders waved busily. Gotetsu huh. Will there be nabe<japanese hot pot>? When things have calmed down, I should try visiting it once. The food in this world is lightly flavored, but it is pretty delicious so I am looking forward to it.

“For someone that has been saved, she is quite rude” (Shiki)

“Really? Suddenly appearing and doing something beneficial for her. Wouldn’t there be people that suspect this person of having underhanded motives? There was also someone who did a flashy move and gathered a lot of attention after all” (Makoto)

It is a world where there aren’t that many chivalrous people. It’s no surprise to suspect.

“It was flashy huh. I used a docile spell that wouldn’t kill them though” (Shiki)

If the front was pointed, they would have probably died. Docile he says.

“Being that tall, of course it would. Wouldn’t burying them grab less attention?” (Makoto)

“Now that you mention it, even when those guys are barking a lot, they aren’t floating. Are they looking to die?” (Shiki)

The bunch above have a desperate expression and look like they are using magic but… it seems like they are trying their best to not drop while sweating an incredible amount. They are falling in a questionable way. Won’t they run out of strength if they continue like that?

“… Could it be, they can’t fly?” (Makoto)

“Then they are just pigs. I pray that their next life will be a happy one” (Shiki)

“… Please save them” (Makoto)

While sighing slightly at my words, Shiki accepted and spreads out a floating magic. The people that were caught in that area, slowed their dropping speed and gently fell… or not. At the last part, they dropped vigorously. Shiki~.

Are you a kid?!

“I will remember this!!”

Ah, how pitiful they look falling on their butt. But can’t they do a roll at least? Didn’t they learn this in physical education?

This is what I think but, is it okay to say that clichéd line while running off? You guys will definitely regret saying that later.

“… Raidou-sama, I know this may be too impertinent of me to say but, to interfere with those kind of events every time they happen, I don’t think it is recommendable. Those are what one would call society happenings. If the basis itself doesn’t disappear, it is pointless to interfere in this one” (Shiki)

“Shiki, it wasn’t pointless. I was satisfied after all. I am aware it is a pastime, but if Shiki wants to correct the pastime of this person, you will have to do so with all you have” (Makoto)

That’s right. It isn’t like I interfered because I thought bullying is bad anyways. I wasn’t able to ask about the reason for those eyes, so even if it was a pastime, I still have to reflect on it huh.

“…”

“It isn’t like I am looking to get rid of all the bullying. And I don’t intend to do so. This time was only because I felt like it” (Makoto)

“Raidou-sama…” (Shiki)

“Sorry for being a master that moves around at his own convenience” (Makoto)

“No. I said too much” (Shiki)

“Now then, let’s do a good-job party for Shiki who reliably stood in line. After lining up and finishing the reception, they said the test will be in three days. Just how much does one have to wait to do a matriculation exam” (Makoto)

Because Shiki lined up for the test, we were able to finish the reception, but the important test will be in three days from now.

This night we will hold a meal with us two males to celebrate passing those 6 days of boring line up.

“Eh?” (Shiki)

“… What was that “eh?” for, Shiki? The test will be in three days right?” (Makoto)

Shiki made a dumbfounded expression at my words. Why?

“Raidou-sama, what do you mean by matriculation exam?” (Shiki)

“There’s no need to ask. It’s to matriculate into the academy right?” (Makoto)

Shiki showed the documents Rembrandt arranged for that sake and also the recommendation letter he made. Moreover, Shiki lined up for 6 days for that.

Rotsgard is a place where a lot of people from different lands gather.

It is in the dead center of the country and at its circumference there are numerous towns as if it were a satellite land. Holding various specialized education institutions. By the way, in this center land there is only one institution that holds the same name as Academy Town. It’s the representative of the academies, Rotsgard Academy. It seems to be the place where the most promising students gather. The ones a few moments ago were really weird and savory, but they seem to be elite.

And that’s how it is.

The attitude of those guys can be translated to that of “Hey we guys are of Tokyo University you know”. It doesn’t change my impression of them though.

Anyways, the ones that are looking to matriculate here have to take a test, and depending on your skills and specialties, you will be send to a school that is fit for you, is how this place works. Actually, aside from skills and specialties, I think they also take into account their assets and social standing.

“No, I understand that but…” (Shiki)

“What’s strange?” (Makoto)

“Raidou-sama intends to take the matriculation exam?” (Shiki)

Isn’t that obvious? I nod at him.

“Please listen. What Raidou-sama will take three days from now isn’t a matriculation exam” (Shiki)

Eh?

“In the first place, the education institutions’ matriculation scale may vary by age but it is something fixed. The school that takes receptions seems to be pretty special” (Shiki)

That’s why, isn’t the pretty special mammoth school here? Thinking about it in general, to have 1 or 2 years apart is normal.

For an out of norms school that matches the age to still reach the hundreds, it wouldn’t be strange right?

“At this place, in this season, they are not taking applications for students, Raidou-sama” (Shiki)

“Then what was Shiki lining up for?” (Makoto)

“For the personnel employment exam” (Shiki)

P-Personnel?! Personnel as in working?! Are you kidding?!

What are you saying so nonchalantly?!

“S-Shiki! I am a merchant that is affiliated to the Merchant Guild, a person with a full-fledged job you know?” (Makoto)

I didn’t come here to find a job though?!

“But in the documents I received from Rembrandt-shi, the contents said Raidou-sama was applying to be a tactics specialized teacher” (Shiki)

R-Rembrandt-saaaan!

“Why didn’t you think it was weird after seeing the contents of the document?!” (Makoto)

“For Raidou-sama to become a student is stranger for me. I was like “Oh, so that was the case” and naturally accepted it” (Shiki)

Ooooo. Rembrandt-san, what are you thinking?! Shiki too. I am only 17 you know. Like hell I can work as a teacher!

I should have looked at the contents! But to check the contents of documents… The only application documents I have checked in this world were the ones I got at the merchant guild.

“The recommendation letter. That’s right, what about the contents of the recommendation letter?!” (Makoto)

“Ah. In the recommendation letter, if I remember correctly, it said: “Raidou-sama has a lot of real combat experience in the border of the world. He may have difficulties in speaking, but has no issues in communicating his intentions. Since he is a person with hard to get abilities, I want to ask of you to please accept him even when it isn’t the season” And that’s how it went” (Shiki)

To please accept me even when it isn’t the season? The line for personnel applicants was build up, so isn’t it the season for it?

… Could it be, Rembrandt-san messed up the document entry? No, there is no way that would happen with him and Morris-san. Specially Morris-san. He looks like the perfect butler type.

“Then, uhm. Three days from now I will be taking an exam to be a tactics specialized teacher?” (Makoto)

“Yes” (Shiki)

The quick affirmation of Shiki.

What does tactic specialized mean? It’s a subject I have never heard before, there is no way I can teach it. With this, I will most likely fail the exam.

There are things I want to research and I want to find a place to open a store here. Being a student is just a thing I wanted to do in the occasion, so being a student or a teacher doesn’t really matter. But even so, a teacher, no way. Teachers are people that teach other people you know?

There’s no way I can do that.

Maybe I should try going to the office and ask if they can change it.

Me feeling in the mood to look at the sky and drink alcohol, was something that would happen a while after.





Chapter 82 - Raidou takes the test


I feel heavy.

At any rate, I feel heavy.

I was thinking it was obvious I would become a student and didn’t confirm the documents and the recommendation letter Rembrandt-san arranged. This may be because I was naïve. But I am still only in my teens. I am aware that even my outward appearance is seen as younger than my actual age. I didn’t think even for a second that they would recommend me as a teacher.

The subject called tactics specialized, in simpler words, seems to be a subject that teaches real combat techniques. Honestly speaking, there is no way I can do it.

I have lived in here for a while after coming to this world, but I myself understand that I am a strange existence. With just that one point, I think it is impossible for me to teach techniques. It seems that I am able to do my lectures in the area I am most suited in, but the magic I used, made Lich call me a pervert once.

Just like that, 3 anguishing days passed and yet, I still head to the test location. I had a recommendation letter on top of already making the formalities after all.

Shiki lined up for 6 days too. To invalidate all that is a bit… I tried to ask if they could change the working personnel test, but it seems I can’t anyways.

Not only that, they thought I got scared (I actually did thought) and recommended me to withdraw from the test. When I thought this might be an option as well, Shiki perfectly managed to worsen the situation with the personnel involved.

In the time I was trying to calm the situation, I was made to take the hardest test of all. They said it was a test that one could count the number of people that had passed it.

I was a bit internally happy that the test changed from a written test into a practical one. In short, a test where practical skills is a 10 while written is 0. An extreme barrier, or so it seems.

I think that being able to choose the balance between practical skills and theoretical knowledge is a special system. By the way, in the theoretical 10, it seems one has to do a test of 18 subjects. And after that, an interview.

… That I didn’t have an interview at all, might be because of the effects of Rembrandt-san’s recommendation letter.

Truly an authority that makes the test bow down.

Well, I have no choice but to do it. I don’t know what Rembrandt-san was thinking putting me as a teacher, however, I can’t tarnish the name of the person that went through the trouble of writing a recommendation letter for me. He will be relating with Tomoe and the others after all. I at least want him to have peace of mind when working with us.

Uhm.

I remember the explanation of the test. Remembering the interruption of Shiki makes my head hurt, so I just remember the general outline.

Right now I am in a vast field. It seems to be the place where the test will be done, but the scale is on a whole different level. Just how many kilometers is it from each side? Counting me, there are only 4 people taking the test.

Before being send here, we met face to face. From what I saw, they seem to be veteran adventurers and scholars. An elf, a beast and a hyuman. I think they have the same ability as the people who serve as backbone in Tsige. Over there, Tomoe and the others as well as Toa-san’s party, their levels increased quite a lot. The next time I visit, they might have increased their level even more. Their levels may increase but I don’t know about their skills though.

Well, it is just an assumption but I think they are approximately level 150. They know I have come with a recommendation letter and that I am associated with the merchant guild. I wonder if they will charge me for deception because I hid that I am registered in the adventurer guild as well. Not saying it, is a bit different from lying, but I am a little worried. Still, writing that I am a level 1 is just… Well, it is fine if I answer when they ask. When I wrote that I was a merchant, the personnel in charge had quite the impression.

Ah right, the confirmation of the test’s content.

In this field with mountains and valleys, there are three types of spherical objects quite separated from each other, so the objective is to bring three of them back within 3 days. Everyone who fulfills this, passes. Fighting between us is prohibited. Food will be self-provided.

When I tried to check with Sakai, these three people and I were really the only ones in this field. Moreover, it seems all of us have been send to locations pretty far away between us. With this, unless the examinee intends to, battles should not happen.

However, it’s not like the wastelands, but it is possible that they have released wildlife here. I can feel the presence of a number of mamonos. I wonder if the others will be okay. We have been provided with a give-up item, so it might not turn into a worst-case scenario.

What they provided us was a bell in case of danger and a feather-shaped ornament we use to leave when the test is over. If one takes it in his hands and reads the exact words written on it, a door to leave the test field will appear and will be able to return to the place where we received the test explanation. In the end, both of them seem to have practically the same effects, but the fact that they went through the trouble of having us hold the two makes me have a bad feeling.

They also told us about the special characteristics of the three balls. Basically, all of them move at high speed. They showed us a sample and it was pretty fast. It’s the size of a fist, floats and from zero it makes an instant acceleration that makes you wonder what the hell happened to inertia. It just gave me the impression that it seems to follow the conventions.

If we are able to deal damage to it and accumulate it, when a determined line is passed, its movements will stop and one will be able to capture it.

A ball that will be destroyed if hit by magic. A ball that will explode the moment a person gets close to a certain distance. And the last ball will crumble if hit by physical attacks. All attacks aside from those, they possess high defensive capabilities.

There might be a lot of other methods, but what I thought of was: get close and punch it, shoot from a long distance, bring it down with magic. Each one of them is: short-distance physical, long-distance physical and magic.

If we stop their movements, it seems that they will return to normal balls, so it is okay to just put them inside a bag.

I don’t want to sleep outdoors in such an empty place, so let’s finish this in one day. I am glad it is an easy and anticlimactic test.

However.

I was soon showed that this was an incredibly naïve and fleeting illusion.

I was quickly able to locate the balls with Sakai. This was no problem.

Closing in quite a bit, I grasp the location of the close-distance type with my eyes and use Sakai to acquire the details of the ball. This also passed with no problems.

The problem came after that.

Approaching the punching-type ball, I punch while laughing. It was supposed to stop its movements… but it turned into smithereens.

I shoot the shooting-type ball with the bow I brought with me. Bull’s-eye. It was supposed to stop its movements, but it turned into smithereens.

I shoot the magic-type with a brid. Bull’s-eye. It was supposed to stop its movements, but same story!

My way of doing it wasn’t wrong.

It seems I put too much power. Even though I did it lightly. I was in a mental state where I wanted to shout out not to make lies of it being sturdy.

It makes me suspect that at the front, it may look like a test, but it is actually an absurdity used in order to drive out claimers.

Without being discouraged, this time I lightly pressed my finger while holding back to test it out. Totally destroyed.

Now I do it softly, as if touching a baby. It was unnecessarily tiring for my body, but no choice. Totally destroyed.

……

…

Uuooooooooo!!

My stress is! My stress is not stopping!! It’s accelerating and going at Mach speed!! I am balding! It’s all going to disappear in one day!!

In the end, the fight with myself that lasted until night, resulted in zero spheres obtained.

When I decided to just go and rest, I search for a random place. In the middle of it, a gorilla-like something attacked me and I left it half-dead. A something that had a long nose like a Tengu, everything else omitted.

In the end, I had to sleep outdoors. Damn it.

The next day.

I was now challenging them with a feather-like touch. Everything hit the target, and then, every single one of them escaped. I didn’t hear that they could teleport?!

Could it be… they don’t intend to let anyone pass?

Fu… fufufufu~ this region, should I make it scorched earth?!

C-Calm down. Fuh~ Fuh~

In these situations, adults would probably feel the urge to smoke a tobacco with trembling hands. No one around me smokes so I don’t know, but if that were the case, I would totally understand that person’s feelings.

Tentatively! Tentatively speaking!

I have now understood that I am able to attack them with a feather-touch without destroying them completely. At the third strike it broke but… O-Oh well, I am certainly doing a step forward!

If I don’t take that much time and attack it again, it seems it won’t teleport.

Trial and error. This is the only choice huh. Bring it on.

What I lack in talent, I compensate with persistence. Let’s do this then. I don’t care if it’s tactless frankness, there is no problem if I bring out results in two days.

At this moment, the test that I didn’t really have that much enthusiasm in, changed into a summit I had to conquer.

After that, I must have destroyed quite a bit of balls. It was already a memory that felt like a nightmare when I think back at it.

By the time the stars took the leading role in the sky.

I was finally able to complete the three types of ball.

I-It took so long. Today I am totally sure I have learned the art of holding back.

With this I can finally return!

But let’s leave that for tomorrow.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

“Ah, Raidou-san. Did you finish gathering them? Or maybe, withdrawing?”

Instant sarcasm huh. The examiner made a complacent smile. His expression irritated me.

I used the feather to return. Can’t you confirm it from your side?

[I gathered them. Please confirm]

I hand over the bag to the one in charge. It is now the third day, but I was somehow able to finish. To think I would taste such a mental training. Out of my expectations.

“… Hoh~ you gathered them, you say. Then let me see… T-This is?!”

The person in charge looks at my balls and shows clear agitation.

Was there a rare bonus ball or something? Even if there was one, I didn’t have the leeway of aiming at something like that! Not a single bit!

Oya?

The other three people that took the exam at the same time as me were here.

Fast people can return in the first day after all. They must be people with skills surpassing my expectations. I was the only one left at the third day after all.

Anyways, as long as the conditions were met, everyone would be able to pass, so there was no sense of competition. More like, comrades?

It seems it was a harsh test right, everyone.

“Raidou-dono, just what in the world are you?”

N, what’s wrong examiner?

You changed from –san to –dono you know?

I just brought the number of things I was told to bring and returned, so I don’t know the reason to call me –dono.

[I am just a merchant with combat experience though?]

“These balls, there are one of each type. People that have passed this test with this kind of result… there have been none”

Don’t understand what you are trying to say.

You were the one that said there are three types of balls and to bring three here.

……..

But maybe my doubt was the one lacking common sense. The three examinees that had returned first had their eyes wide open and stood up vigorously.

What is weird?

[I thought that was how the test went]

“Yeah. I did say to bring three back. If you were able to capture three of the balls that are incredibly sturdy with the “special method”, it would be okay. And yet, Raidou-dono brought one of each type. That means, you used the three methods in order to capture them. Is that right?”

[Yeah, that’s how it is]

“For the academy, this is a test that lets us gauge the abilities of the “specialists” in each area. The other three gave up long ago and returned, and yet, to think someone would appear that would surpass the passing line, bringing all three types”

…

Oh! I see.

So the original objective was to bring three of the same type huh. Maybe I missed something while listening, or it might be because I just let it slip by. So it wasn’t to bring one of each type huh!

Now I get it. That’s why it was so troublesome. Moreover, the other three gave up. Even though I was doing my best trying to learn how much I had to hold back… You guys are not my comrades!

“As expected of someone that has survived in the borders of the world. The power you hold is on a different level. I thought the contents of Rembrandt-shi were quite ambiguous unlike him, but if it is like this, I can comprehend. You are able to clearly communicate your intentions with writing and we don’t mind if you use your retainer to talk for you. What we judge is the skills and not the outward appearance anyways”

It seems there won’t be problems in having Shiki as my assistant. At the end, the person in charge talks about me.

I didn’t want to retort about that unnecessary remark of him.

“There are no complains. You pass. Raidou-dono, Academy Town welcomes you as a temporary lecturer. You can choose to be a teacher of a new lecture, or serve as an assistant with the class of another lecturer. Also, taking into consideration your circumstances, we allow your retainer to accompany you”

Telling me that the details will be at a later time, he asked for a handshake. Of course, I accept. A part-time teacher huh. I am glad. If I suddenly become a homeroom teacher, I would die.

Also, he told me it was in Rotsgard Academy. I am glad I don’t have to move to a town in the area and can stay living here.

With this, I might be able to visit the Gotetsu local in a near future. I actually didn’t have any plans of going, but if I am going to be staying in this town for a while, it wouldn’t be a bad idea to go at night. If a bogus nabe appears, I can only laugh. If that happens, it would be nice to bring Tomoe here.

Different from my objective, I have now become a teacher in Rotsgard. Moreover, in the center town that elite students gather.

Like this, our life in Academy Town began.





Chapter 83 - Gotetsu


After the test, 6 more days pass.

Calling myself a merchant while in this situation where I am not doing any business and only using money. How vexing.

Luckily for me, I have the products of Asora and the armor of the dwarfs. In a sense, I have items that can turn into gold, so in terms of expenses, I probably don’t have to worry that much. It’s just, as expected, having money leave my hands only, feels like a waste. I am a commoner, so I can’t help feeling like this.

Today, we finally received a notification from the Academy about the inn we will be lodging in. A notification telling me I officially passed and a schedule of how many lectures I have in a week. Also, telling me that they want to visit in order to do a formal contract.

They are not thinking about my convenience. It feels like they are talking from a pretty high position. It probably shows how much influence they have in this land. The contents felt like they are telling me they will be suddenly intruding this afternoon or in the morning two days from now.

“Makoto-sama, is it a notification from the Academy?” (Shiki)

It’s Shiki. With two men, there is no need for two rooms. In all of the towns we have travelled, we have stayed in a room with two beds. In this town it is the same. Around him, there are a number of books scattered. He, who loves reading, buys any book he finds interesting when he accompanies me. In this world books are quite high priced, so when I saw the number of books increasing, I asked him if the money was fine. But it seems he has enough savings, so my worries were needless… or not.

Actually, Shiki over-paid. He used stones and jewels filled with magic power as a replacement for money and it was in a quality that a book wouldn’t be able to match. I think that doing a sale of stones would have brought out more money, but it seems that Shiki considers knowledge as something that he must obtain no matter how much money he uses. I thought this thought pattern is dangerous. Wasting money is not good.

“It says today in the afternoon or at morning two days from now. I finally will be able to ask about the store. The merchant guild gave me permission to do business, but when I told them about the Academy, they nailed me saying I had to prioritize that. Also, call me Raidou” (Makoto)

“Tto, right, Raido-sama. The building that will be used as store seems to be a good, so we are lucky right” (Shiki)

“Yeah. The previous storekeeper looks polite and seems to be plenty useful. That such a good store went down is a problem though” (Makoto)

When I went to the Merchant Guild to report, look for a building to use as store and a plot of land, the people related to the Academy took lead and began acting.

In their first greeting they were like that but, maybe it is because Rembrandt-san talked to them about me. Things related to the Merchant Guild proceeded without any problems. They cooperated in looking for a store too, but well, there were a lot of stores available. Ones that were in bad state and also others in good conditions. There were many varied types of stores that were closed.

The ones at the streets were also unique. There were ones that you wouldn’t be able to find unless you know they are certainly there and the buildings that went from the town’s gate to the academy on that wide street were also varied.

The types of stores were numerous too, but the restaurants and armor stores were especially plentiful. There were also stores for general goods and… Night stores. Even in a town centered on research, there are still “those kind” of stores, is what I honestly thought. I don’t have plans on going at all, but the merchant guild onee-san, seeing that we two were men, without changing her smile, not only did she guide us to the place but also told us the incredible services they provided. That lady, she is a professional.

“With how wide the town is, the competition is fierce as well. A place where there are mostly young ones and the quality of customers is special. The changes in fashion are also fast” (Shiki)

“It is scary how possible it is for something that was popular a few months ago to suddenly be seen as cuckoo now” (Makoto)

Scary. If I want to do a restaurant, the best option is to make a staple menu and obtain regular customers. But that I am thinking this way, may be because I am lacking an adventurous spirit. What I can compete with in this area, is with the Chinese food and simple Japanese-style food from my previous world. And if young people are the target, fast food is also an option. Well, it is a pointless thing to think about for a novice like me who can only do simple cooking.

Shiki must have noticed how hard it is to do business here as well. He makes a pondering face. I am happy that he is trying to contribute. Well, I want Shiki to be following me as I move in the Academy, so the time we will be together will increase.

I have to think about the person who will be minding the store. There is the choice of employing a hyuman, but I still don’t know them that well. Instead of being looked down for strange reasons, it would be better to just bring someone from Asora. In that case, the potential candidates are the Forest Onis. That will depend on whether the training of Tomoe is going well though. If not, the runner-ups are the Arkes huh. I don’t know if they can hide their strength and there is the problem that they aren’t originally human-shaped, so the forest onis are the best choice though. If Akua and Eris looks after the store obediently, they would surely become the poster girls of the store. IF they act obediently. It won’t work. The fact that I am having doubts makes them unqualified already. Also, they are young girls, so trouble with customers will… ouch ouch, *my stomach is hurting*.

N? The Forest Onis they sent to Asora seem to be elites, but there were quite a lot who were young. I don’t know how much of their personality has been corrected, but I feel like they may become a seed for trouble. However, the Arkes don’t have experience in interacting with people. No matter which I choose, I feel like it would cause me headaches.

In that case, I may have to think about the possibility of employing a hyuman. Ah, I wonder if in this world there is something like interviews, which lets me look at the abilities of the person in question. I don’t know if interviews are too formal, so when I go to the guild next time, I will ask.

With what happened with those students a few days ago, I am uneasy about employing people without skills to communicate with customers. Well, thanks to that event, I was able to tell the forest onis can easily handle those kind of people with their strength.

“The place we bought is on a big avenue, so at least we won’t be passed by without catching the eye of no one. Also, I think it is a good thing there are no similar businesses near” (Shiki)

“It is because of that, that we bought the place. I don’t know how to advertise a store that doesn’t stand out after all. That part, I will be settling it with money. Medicine as main. After, I will make it so people will be able to order armor as well, so I am counting on you Shiki” (Makoto)

“In what?” (Shiki)

“As the public representative. On the outside, you will be acting as the owner of the store. That’s why on the times like lectures, I want you to indirectly tell them medicine knowledge and the way to use magic medications in practice. That way, a part of our students will be able to tell the quality and effects of our products right?” (Makoto)

“… Publicity. You have already thought about it” (Shiki)

“Only to this extent. You and the Arkes seem to have made various medicines and it is true that their effects are high” (Makoto)

That’s right. Shiki has built more intimacy with the Arkes than with Mio. I don’t know if it could be called the fusion of alchemy and pharmaceutics. They have good compatibility and have made quite the amount of types of magic medications. Some of them even made ambrosia. I don’t intend to put that one out normally for sale though.

Ah, I should think about the line-up of medicines I will be putting out. The general ones like fever medicines and wound medications are a given. An antidote against the poison of mamonos and later I will bring out a drink medication I have thought of. It’s not like I was the one who thought of it, but it is something like an energy drink that is used to recover from fatigue. I thought it would be nice having those here so I made them reality. For the students that are doing their best and the people that work hard, I feel like this will be profitable (until there are copy products of it). *Aim for it, at the bags of the students and the loving white robe*.

“I want to continue the talk of the store, so let’s go take our lunch. If we do well, we might be able to open it soon” (Makoto)

“Understood. Then for lunch…” (Shiki)

“N. Isn’t Gotetsu fine?” (Makoto)

“That place’s nabe is superb. I have no objections” (Shiki)

We coincidentally found the restaurant Gotetsu where the girl we saved worked in. We have used it a number of times for lunch and dinner. Thinking about the number of days we have been here, I am aware that the amount times we have gone there are quite a lot. The nabe that the shopkeeper says is a specialty of his hometown, tastes quite different from the one of my hometown, but it is still delicious. I liked it because I have memories of my homeland, but Shiki seems to have honestly liked the taste of it. Now, every time I ask Shiki where to eat, he would instantly respond Gotetsu. Tonight I want to check my new store, so this time I designated Gotetsu for our lunch. Even though he likes it, I hope he is not wishing to eat on the same place for lunch and dinner every day. It is something from a long time ago, but in my previous world there was a person who always responded *Ma kukama* when we asked him where would he want to eat. Well, the two are the same kind of store though. After a while, we stopped asking him where he would want to eat. His answer was always the same after all.

I feel like if not handled well, Shiki might turn the same way in this town. That’s why I have to be forward in looking for a new store.

The first time I went to that establishment and saw nabe, I seriously questioned about the existence of otherworldlers aside from me and the heroes. When I tasted it, my doubts vanished instantly though. There were various types, but there were a lot of peculiar ones. I then understood that it would be hard to not get tired of this town. Also, there was no taste of soy sauce.

And also, shopkeeper, there’s no sweet nabe. For me, there is definitely none! When I saw that overflowing cream and ingredients, I honestly thought it was merengue and wanted to escape reality. That I saw Shiki as a being surpassing humanity for eating such a thing, is a secret. Really, thanks a lot for eating it all Shiki. This was the first time I gave up on the food in this world.

The girl working at Gotetsu said her name was Ruria. That she seemed a lot brighter than when we first met must be because she was serving the customers. Looking at that girl who had such cold eyes, changing her attitude and acting so bright while working made me think she is quite level-headed. I haven’t done part-time jobs, so it may be because I haven’t seen people act inside and outside of work. The people doing work probably have to be this tough or they can’t live by. This world clearly discriminates more than my previous one, so one may have to be even tougher.

We went a number of times, but it doesn’t seem she thinks we are aiming for her and she doesn’t seem to be acting wary of us. And in reality, every time we come, we wholeheartedly eat nabe, especially Shiki. At the first times, for some reason she looked at me with a face filled with cautiousness. Maybe because my outward appearance looks suspicious. I do have my mask off, but don’t tell me it’s exactly because I don’t have it on? No, I am probably overthinking.

But she talks, there are no weird parts of her and she is hyuman. Why was she involved with those students? Did she have bad luck, just plain chance? I tried asking and she didn’t talk so maybe it wasn’t coincidence. Then she has some special circumstances? I don’t know.

The two of us visit often and we ask for two menus, so Shiki and I seem to stand out quite a bit in the store. Ruria also remembers our names already. Now when we come, she does some light conversation.

Today too, while Shiki ate his nabe, we talked about us going to the Academy and about finally being able to begin working. She is the first acquaintance in this town to know our names. The place where we are going to open our store is a bit far from here, so when we open, we probably won’t be able to come as often and a part of me is sad about that. Well, if I talk to Shiki about it, the chances of him wanting to come here are high, so we might unexpectedly visit often. In my case, since we are in a center place where we can find varied stores, I want to try out different kinds of food. We might find something resembling konbu and katsuobushi faster than Tomoe. If that happens, it might work as a nice souvenir.

Someday I want Shiki to try the nabe I know of. Mizutaki, shabushabu, sukiyaki, yudofu. Yeah, I also want to eat those.

Ah, that’s right. If possible, I want to do something about the interior design of the store this evening. The design will be done by Shiki to a certain extent and it will also be based on the stores around. In this world, as long as you use magic, there is no definite need to call for a craftsman in order to work on the interior. Shiki can use the earth element and he has just the right kind of magic to use in this type of scenario. When we can economize, it feels plain good.

Not only that, it also becomes good practice for my magic. Lately, I have been living in a constant state of concentration where I can activate my magic at once. Even so, I can’t maintain it for too long and I have tried training in making a strong defensive barrier even if imperfect. I learned not too long ago that in places with special environments like a battlefield where one holds a characteristic state of mind, it is hard to move your magic like your own hands and feet.

Now that the bug has found me once, it is true that I don’t know what might happen and when. I have to pass each day as precious and not waste any of time of it. My life is at stake after all.

Finishing lunch, by the time Shiki and I arrived at the Academy, the students were at lunch break probably thanks to us eating lunch early. Quite a lot of people were coming out from respective buildings. The giant white construction looked somewhat modern-like and also felt a bit nostalgic. It may also be because the nature of it being a school feels nostalgic as well.

Seeing as we are not from here, they look at us with curious eyes (I want to believe it is not because of my appearance). While avoiding them, we head for the designated place.

… That there were people taken aback and some that looked back twice, m-must be because this is an unusual happening.





Chapter 84 - Encounter with the “Library”


[Looking forward to work with you]

“Looking forward to work with you”

Shiki and I finish our greetings once again and clapping sounds.

This place seems to be the Academy’s office where briefings are done. It’s wide and seeing the desks lined up, for a second I thought it was a room for staff members. I didn’t feel the characteristic tension. They explained me the lecture’s contents and the rules in detail and after that, they asked about what plans we have.

Two people were receiving us.

One of them seems to be the same as me, a teacher. Though, I can’t say we are the same huh. He is a full-time teacher and I am a part-time one. I don’t commute to this academy every day and am not lodging in the dormitories. It seems he is teaching fighting techniques like me, but he doesn’t look that strong. Fighting techniques are pointless if you just speak the theory of it, so he must be relatively strong. They told me the contents of the current lectures and the level of the students. I thought they were playing house. But I only thought of it. I obviously restraint myself from saying so. I can’t say that it is troubling to deal with elite(lol).

The other one is an important person in the work place. This one didn’t show a single bit of haughtiness like the male teacher and felt like a lenient person. The staff in the high school I was in, acted frankly around me so I was bewildered at first, but the ones in front of me are polite and on point. Maybe it’s the difference in behavior between being a student and being a teacher. However, they didn’t make questions regarding salary, my store and didn’t look at the documents; they just smoothly replied and that made me feel they had high ability. Finishing the explanations, they wished regards and we answered in equal fit.

“Then, with this I will be going. At first, I will be sending the students from my class in rotation, but later please try gathering students with your own skill, Raidou-sensei. From what I heard, you are a person with high abilities. I am looking forward to it”

“Brait-sensei, thank very much”

It seems the teacher will be leaving now. Shiki and I lower our heads once more and see him off. From what he said, the first times I will be doing my tactics specialized lesson, I will have a certain percent of students from Brait-sensei’s class. He is an attentive person and he introduces students to new teachers in the same area. A reliable person or so they say. It seems the staff are also being helped a lot by him, I can tell that they have a favorable opinion of him in the staff room. I personally think he feels like an unsavory person. People that are too nice don’t bring me good vibes.

From what I heard of the staff-san, a part-time teacher that secures enough students for a class is rare. When comparing a full-time teacher’s lecture, a part-time teacher’s regular number is half of that. 30 people. Is it possible to not gather 30 people in this giant academy? By the way, the theory classes are different from practical skill ones in that as long as the students can enter, it can accept as many as they want. It seems to be because there is a limit to how many students a practical skill teacher is able to take care of. If one isn’t careful when using magic or swords, one can die, so it is expected.

The lecture’s payment depends completely on ratio. In the case of a part-time, the selection of students is quite free. If you want to earn, you will have to try your best to increase your number of students. For one lecture, a part-time teacher gets 10 silver for each student. If a part-time teacher gets 30 people, one time will be 3 gold. It is practically the annual income of a person working in a normal store or a staff in a guild. If you work for numerous times in a week for 1 month, it would turn into an incredible amount of gold. Thinking about the value on my previous world, the payment is quite excessive for a teacher. If a part-timer gets this much, then just how much would a full-time one get?

“And so, Raidou-sensei. About the lecture, is it okay for you to begin next week? There will be around 10 students from Brait-sensei’s class, so we have no issues on our side”

[Next week huh. I don’t mind, but I want to do lectures with the students I choose, so I might bring troubles to Brait-sensei. Also, I am planning on doing lectures for a big amount of people. There’s no problem in that right?]

A while ago I confirmed this and since I was worried about it, I confirm it once more. I am intending to do a class with 10 people, or around the number of people one can line up in a column. Also, I will have Shiki accompany and teach once a week. I only have experience teaching the kids in the neighborhood, I haven’t taught anyone while receiving anything as compensation. At first I will have Shiki do a follow-up and get used to it.

“Yeah, of course. But that is quite unusual. Part-time workers normally frantically gather as many as they can without caring who it is. As expected, a person that is administering a store at the same time really has a different way of thinking”

[Since I am in charge, I want to pay attention to it after all. About the business, as long as I don’t do any activities related to it in Academy grounds, there is no problem right? I am grateful for your hasty replies]

That means there is no problem for Shiki and me to use medicines for free or to show them, and to widen the knowledge of them. Great.

“… Teacher is a lenient person. Also diligent. It’s a bit unexpected. I have heard that you are quite the strong person after all. I was wondering how you would present yourself. To tell you the truth, I hold you in respect. This place gathers the best students around the towns after all. Please train them to your best”

[Okay. Then with this, I will be leaving]

“Ah that’s right. There is a library you can use when you want to search for data, a place inside the Academy one can use to train practical skills, and a reception where one needs to do petitions beforehand to use the field. I will be telling them of your arrival to these places”

Shiki and I along with him, talk about the places as we confirm their location. We certainly need to know both of them. And while at it, I should finish the field application today. The document’s process is relatively complex so I feel like the things I will be asking of Shiki might increase.

In that case, I have to think about the store a bit. As expected, the Forest Onis huh. Arkes are scarce so, yeah, there is also the option of asking Tomoe’s opinion.

Also, the library. I thought it would be a room, but for it to have a building just for it, is quite unexpected. It’s like a university.

Having such a big library, I can really expect a lot from it. It wouldn’t be a bad idea to look at books related to magic. I am sorry for the book loving Shiki, but I will leave the application to him and head to the library.

[Shiki, I will be checking out the library. Head to the reception and after finishing the request, I want you to head there as well]

I order him as we leave to the corridors. Shiki nods. I think he is the number one person who wouldn’t run rampant, so that’s why instead of those other two, I nominated Shiki. I am truly happy. The number one reason is that we are of the same sex though.

Because we are right at the opposite direction of the staff office, Shiki and I turn our back to each other and walk to our objectives.

At any rate, the air that is flowing here is peace itself. When I am here, my sensation of being in another world or in my original world gets fuzzy. Because the subject I am teaching is otherworldly in itself, the strange sensation is even stronger.

In the halls there are students engaging in friendly chat and the bulletin boards have pleasant posters with contents about contact information within the school. The atmosphere resembles that of my sister’s university which I visited in summer. There are a lot more people here though. It may also be because of the season I visited.

“This is literally what a school is” (Makoto)

Before leaving Tsige, there was a time when I thought about my homeland. While on my journey, I was thrown into the battlefield, so it slowly grew fainter though. This place reminds me so much of modern times. Really.

“The choice of lectures is lenient and it feels like I have come to a university with freedom. Oh, this place is the library huh. Incredible. How big” (Makoto)

I do a monologue no one would understand as I arrive at the library. Ah, did they think I am a crazy person? Well, who cares.

Anyways, this place is big. It’s a lot bigger than the municipal library in the town I lived in. This is surprising. In this world there is a library this big huh. This truly shows me that I have lived in a rural area. And the heroes began from a big country’s castle huh. Fuh, how unbearable.

I enter inside.

In the shelves that are taller than a person, one could see books, books, books tightly packed without leaving any gaps. The scene of shelves fully loaded with books lined up left and right, could be called a forest that grows books. At least for me, this is my first time seeing so many books gathered in one place. Incredible. Just, incredible.

That characteristic and pleasant scent. Different from Tsige where one could see snow in places, at Academy Town the days become increasingly hotter. I can tell that I have come to a faraway place.

The library scent I have not smelled in a long time hasn’t changed at all. Also, it is a pleasant air. In this world it seems they don’t know that libraries go well with air conditioning. In this sense, one can feel the difference between science and magic.

There should be quite a lot of persons here, but the reason why it feels so sparse must be because this place is big enough to make me feel that way. Because the number of books is bigger than the amount of people.

“Do you need something?”

I, who was deeply moved, was called out by someone. A calm and mellow voice. A voice that one would be able to feel seductiveness, but the girl itself took away the nature of sensuality in her voice.

When I turn my head to the direction of the voice, there was, as expected, the figure of a woman. She isn’t a student. A librarian, maybe?

[Sorry. This is my first time seeing a library of this degree and unintentionally spaced out. This is a splendid library]

“I see. I am happy to hear your praises. You were standing in the hall but, what business brings you here? If you are looking for a book in specific, I can be of help”

I was talking with writing, and yet she didn’t get fluster for one second and quickly answered. Eh, she wasn’t surprised?

[I don’t have a book in specific, but well, about magic. If there are books about aria language, I want to read them]

I respond to her with the subject I thought of a moment ago.

“Ara, for that Raidou-sama who possesses incredible magic and combat abilities, to look for such simple content. Is your companion Shiki the one reading it?”

!!

As if her words blew me away, I take my distance from her. This woman…

Luckily, because there is a hall just after the entrance, I still had space. I am thankful I was able to open space. It’s not like everyone can do weird teleportation like Sofia after all. I don’t plan to change my tactics of first taking my distance.

I have already completed an invisible barrier. The moment I took a step back, I had already finished its preparation. It’s thanks to the daily tension. After, I will have to learn how to naturally do this.

“Incredible! In that instant you spread out a barrier. It’s like a sleight of hand. To be so skillful even without using aria. It’s just like the stories tell”

[Who are you? Why do you know my name?]

While showing her the writing, I check out the woman.

Her age is, young. It’s just an estimation, but it looks like she is in the first half of her twenties. Her height is close to mine. She doesn’t have any weapons. Doesn’t have strong magic power equipment and I can only feel the presence of a normal person from her. Because of her baggy robe, I don’t know how toned her body is, but she isn’t showing any signs of exerting them. There is no magic aria either.

I can’t tell her build because of her clothes, but there is no doubt she is a woman. Her face, is cute. In this world, this is an easy 100 points. Different from the indigo blue hair from Tomoe, her hair is a light blue. No doubt she is a person I don’t know. She is probably a hyuman though.

“Just like stories tell” is what she said. She knows about me and Shiki. Also, is there a person here who knows about me having incredible magic and combat abilities? The only person I can think of is the one in charge of the test. But is it information that a librarian should know? I don’t want to think that the information regarding the persons taking the test to be leaked so easily.

“Don’t be so on guard please. You are a teacher from this school. I at least should know the name”

Lies. I confirmed in the staff room. Taking into account the part-timers and full-time ones, there is easily a hundred or so. To have the ability to remember all of them is too strange. Moreover, today is the first time I have been here.

I won’t lower my guard. Taking into account the interference of my whole body, I pay careful attention to the changes in magic power flow while checking that woman’s movements.

[As long as you don’t prove to me that you have unnatural memorization ability, I can’t believe you]

“… I was just intending to tease you though. It seems you are the distrustful type huh. Your and your companion’s name as well as that information, I just heard it from other people”

Maybe she was shocked by my cautiousness, she shrugs her shoulders. The one in charge said it? But I don’t like that simple teasing of hers.

“How troublesome. Then let me tell you the name of the person that I heard this information from. You know Ruria from Gotetsu right?”

I heard a name I didn’t expect.

Ruria from Gotetsu. I certainly know. If it’s her, it would be normal to know my and Shiki’s name.

“About your skills, I heard from the one in charge of the test. I don’t know if Raidou-sama knows his name, but he is called Erus. There was a talk of someone gathering three types of balls while we were eating so…”

The woman makes a gesture of holding a cup with her hands and bringing it to her mouth. Is she talking about a meal with alcohol?

Three types of balls. So that’s why she said vague things like incredible magic and combat ability huh. However, I don’t see the connection between her and Ruria.

Is she a regular in Gotetsu? But is Ruria someone that would easily talk about other customers? Her mouth is tight and she doesn’t talk that much with other customers. I have gone a number of times, but I haven’t seen this woman there.

[I know about Ruria. I have been going to Gotetsu lately after all. But I don’t know what reason she would have to talk to you about us]

“Fuh~, Ruria is my sister. She told me about a strange customer and it was about Raidou-sama and Shiki. That Shiki is a nabe lover who could eat cream nabe for his three meals. I was a bit shocked when I heard it”

Cream nabe. Ah, that was really nightmare in a bowl. I wonder how Shiki is able to eat two of those.

Tto. Fumu. If she even knows about the cream nabe, there is no doubt. But sister huh. Now that she mentions it, the color of her hair is the same.

I look at Onee-san once again.

“What is it?”

Maybe she found it suspicious, the Onee-san calls me.

How pitiful. I don’t know the age difference between her sister, but she is totally losing in body development. There won’t be a turning point in the future, so live strong.

“… You seem to have a discomforting expression but, did this clear your suspicions?”

With her eyelids twitching a bit, she fixes her glasses and asks once again. I understand that gesture. When you have glasses, you unconsciously play with it.

[Yeah, the misunderstanding was cleared. I see, so you were her sister. But to suddenly be called by my first name, moreover, by a complete stranger, no matter who it is, they would be surprised]

“It wasn’t to the level where one would get surprised though. But I am sorry for my rudeness. My name is Eva, nice to meet you” (Eva)

[Eva-san, I see. My name is Raidou. You may already know but, I am a part-time teacher. And you, are you a librarian?]

“Yeah. If you have a book you are looking for, please ask without restrain. I am almost always over there” (Eva)

Saying that, Eva-san points out the right hall’s counter. A number of staff members are there. I can tell that they are glancing at my conversation with Eva. We were probably a bit noisy.

[I will be counting on you. Then with this, I will be leaving]

“Is it okay to not look at any books? If I remember correctly, you were looking for a book regarding arias right?” (Eva)

[I will leave that for another time. Then]

“Too bad. I will be waiting” (Eva)

Eva-san smiles and sees me off as I leave the library.

Hah, I was nervous. I didn’t feel like reading a book and just leave outside. I was way too abrupt.

Geez…

(So that was Raidou huh. He is certainly an outrageous user. Maybe he can use it?)

“Eh?”

The moment I finished moving down the stairs in front of the entrance, I suddenly hear a voice and check my surroundings. There’s no one. Even though it was a voice that felt pretty close.

That voice was… the voice of the woman I was talking with not long ago. The voice of Eva-san. No doubt about it.

But even when I turned around, I couldn’t see her figure anywhere. She saw me off and didn’t leave outside so it should be a given. Then what was that just now?

Did Tomoe’s power go crazy again?

But my emotions are not going haywire like that time, so why?

Also, the atmosphere of her voice was quite different. It was a voice that made me feel a penetrating cold.

“Raidou-sama, sorry for the wait”

Shiki’s voice.

When I look, he is using the same route I took to arrive where I am. I see, he already finished the application. It’s Shiki, so he probably hurried. He is even trotting to where I am.

“Shiki, I didn’t wait. Thanks. Then, let’s show our faces in the merchant guild and check out the store” (Makoto)

“Understood” (Shiki)

It is still early to call it evening. While being grateful about being able to use more time on the store than I thought, I leave the campus.





Chapter 85 - First Class


“Did you hear? Seems the new practical skill teacher can’t speak”

“What with that? Then how is he going to do his lectures? Don’t tell me he will be teaching his students through their body”

“It seems he uses written communication. I don’t care as long as I get stronger. That’s why I don’t like incompetent ones”

“It’s Brait-sensei’s instructions, so I will at least attend once but… it seems he is a demi-human you know?”

“Demi-human?! Why did the academy accept such a thing as a teacher?”

“… Who cares if he is a demi-human. We see elves quite a lot, so it isn’t good to have prejudice”

“Rotsgard specialty. I hope it doesn’t become an empty class”

“If it isn’t good, it will soon become that way. There are a hell lot of choice classes after all”

“Yeah. I at least hope he is a cool person”

“Ahahaha…”

…

Seriously?

How to say this… are they serious?

These are the students I will be teaching for my first class.

Pressured by my uneasiness, I use Sakai to feel the presence of the people heading here and instinctively strain my ears, which I regret doing now.

Their impression of me is bad even before we meet?!

Shiki and I finally arrived at the field and were waiting while sitting on a bench there.

This is obvious but, what I am going to do is a practical skill class, so there won’t be that many times where I will be indoors. If we are doing muscle training, indoors is also a choice, but… it will become a plain class, so it will be okay to do so when the students decide to follow me.

The people in the staff room gave me a few textbooks and a number of booklets related to teachers for reference. When I finished reading it today, I understood a little about what’s special about this academy and about magic.

Being able to finally touch on the topic I have come to Academy Town for, today, I finally feel like I have moved a step forward.

First, it’s about what makes the Academy special.

In this Rotsgard Academy, there are obligatory classes one has to attend, and the rest it is free for one to decide if one wants to take it. It’s a system that lets a certain amount of freedom.

Leaving aside the fixed classes and the subjects that are necessary for your related technical skill, the position of the people teaching the optional classes is weak. It would be one thing if you were not able to change them for half a year or all year around once you choose it, but since one can change it anytime they want, the position of the students is a lot higher.

Avoiding the hours of popular classes and holding a course in a different lot of time, making tests easier and I heard there are even teachers who buy students in order to get attendance. That there aren’t many teachers thinking of improving the contents of their own class to get students, makes me feels like it is already too late.

In short, one’s position can be that of a part-time teacher, but the possibility of being looked down by your students is abnormally high. On top of that, I just learned that I already have a bad impression.

Magic. I have to put this in my mind, but the common knowledge I have earned until now, I feel like it is better to not put it out.

The arias are memorized and magic is something that one has to activate by chanting the aria in a sonorous voice, is what seems to be the standard.

To do an aria without letting your voice out is called voiceless aria and it seems it will reduce the original power of the magic.

… From the very start I have been doing things that deviate from the standard, and I just learned this after coming here.

Well, if I want to have originality in my class, I thought that it would be fine to just teach the students things around this particular area. Saying random things like “In real combat…”

“Raidou-sama, looks like they will be coming soon” (Shiki)

“Yeah, I know. Shiki, it is okay for the class objective to be as we discussed right?” (Makoto)

“I think there won’t be any problems. Show your true strength and teach combat aria to the students that remain. There may be low amounts of students who use physical combat that remain, but in that case, I will be teaching them anti-magician battle techniques. It’s a course the other teachers don’t have, so I think we should be able to choose students” (Shiki)

“Teaching knowledge and power to strange individuals will not bring anything good, so it will be more comforting to teach a chosen minority of elites” (Makoto)

“Yes. However, for Raidou-sama to be the one getting angry and me being the kind one, aren’t the roles reversed? In the first place, I don’t think there is a need to divide the roles” (Shiki)

“… Well, it seems that in optional classes 2 persons is unusual, so there is a part of me that wants to try if this will really work out. I feel like me playing the bad guy will have better results. If it turns into something weird, I will stop, so accompany me for a bit in this” (Makoto)

“Okay…” (Shiki)

Shiki seems like he is still not convinced. But this is something I have wanted to try once if I had the chance. Like the ones in detective dramas. A combi of one being the angry and the other the soothing one, they manipulate the impression of the person.

In this case I will be the scary one and since us two will be doing the lectures, I think people will gather if one of us holds a favorable impression.

… If I am already not being treated as a human being, then let’s just have them hate me… is not how I deal with my despair okay?

I am not thinking about being an ass and then be a bit gentle to see if I can increase affection points, okay?

I feel the gazes of a number of people.

Fuh~ so they have come.

“Uhm~, is this Raidou-sensei’s practical skill class?”

The female student who called me demi-human not too long ago, knits her eyebrows but still uses formal language to talk to us.

I nod lightly, not at the girl, but at Shiki. Now then, let’s try doing the scary teacher.

“Yeah, that’s right. Everyone here are students that came because of Brait-sensei’s referral right? I am this lecture’s assistant, my name is Shiki. And this person here is…” (Shiki)

[Shiki’s master and was a merchant at the border of the world, Raidou. Because of circumstances I can’t speak, but in this way I am able to communicate. This will be a harsh class that will be centered on magic, but I hope you guys follow me]

My personal history is a lie and I tried making my attitude like that of a slightly strict instructor. When my appearance is a minus, instead of smiling friendlily, I feel like it is better to be someone who is kind every now and then to create a gap.

I actually wanted to go with a shouting type, but since that would be hard with written communication, I decided to go with being strict.

“We are planning on opening a slightly unusual store, so if you have the chance, please check it out” (Shiki)

Shiki advertises.

If we don’t say the store’s name, they shouldn’t nag much about it. And I had Shiki smile gently from beginning to end. Try your best in being the kind and gentle Shiki-sensei. I will also try my best in being the scary Raidou-sensei.

[Since it’s the first class, let’s begin with a self-introduction]

I have the 10 people that came to my class introduce themselves.

Name, age, what year they are currently in, and after that, their objective and the element they are the strongest in.

It ended safely, but a question still remained. About the element.

[You, you said you were best at water right? How well can you use other elements?]

“The others? Uhm… A bit of earth and fire”

[Can you have a spirit lend you its power?]

“No way! There’s no way I can do that!”

Doesn’t that mean you practically can only use water? Moreover, this one doesn’t have that much magic power and the balance is bad.

Wait. Could it be…?

[You, you said you were best at fire right? Others?]

I ask another one, the student that said she doesn’t care if I was a demi-human as long as my face was good. Maybe she felt discomfort that I asked her, she frowns.

“… I can use a bit of wind as well. I can’t use spirit magic”

After that, I asked the others, but it seems that the highest is three.

(Shiki, what is this? Are hyumans limited in the elements they can use?) (Makoto)

(No. It’s just that they are so accustomed to use the element they are fit in that they neglect the training of their other elements. They consider the ability to use other elements as a type of talent) (Shiki)

(So everyone can do it right?) (Makoto)

(Of course. It’s just that they will use more magic power than when using the element they are most fit in) (Shiki)

(I see. Understood) (Makoto)

No matter if it is their specialty, it is not like they are beginners who just began to learn, so I think it is a bit weird to only get better at their forte element. It is actually convenient to be able to use the others after all.

Even that superior dragon kid was surprised by it. So yeah, it would be interesting to train and see how it goes.

[I have understood the abilities of everyone. Sadly, I can only call you guys unskilled]

“Unskilled?! Us?!”

It’s the one who said I can’t use my mouth. He has vigor, or more like his appearance does too but, you, aren’t you a warrior?

[That’s right. I want to be appointed by the country, I want to spread my name as an adventurer, I want to stay in this academy as a researcher. I have heard the objectives of everyone here. In the present condition it is possible to make this true, but you will always stay as second-rate]

“… Aren’t you going a bit far with your words? Even though you are just a mere part-time teacher”

It’s the girl that said “don’t be a teacher if you are a demi-human”. She is angry. Today we will show off our strength and have the gentle Shiki-sensei leave an impression. This part is important, so I am sorry about provoking you.

[That’s the truth. Well yeah, then, let me ask you something. You said you were a magician right? Then, what is it that a magician should fear the most in a battle?]

“… Being isolated, to get the enemy close to you, to panic, to have one’s magic power dry up”

An answer right out from the book. Well, I think that’s not wrong though.

[Splendid. Then, what’s the proper form we try to achieve in a battle?]

“To adapt ourselves. No matter if we are isolated, approached, in an unexpected situation or run out of magic power; we have to be magicians that can choose the best choices in the right moment. That is the ideal form that we have to aim for”

[That’s exactly right. Excellent. Then, if the girl beside you that said her forte is water, encounters an opponent who is weak against only wind magic so she can’t effectively damage it, what would you do to “adapt”?]

“In that case I will prepare a wind element attack at the vanguard or a different attack…”

[There’s only her there]

“… Then, before it reaches, prepare a wind element attack method. There’s no other choice but to use magic items to prepare”

[Yeah. If you are unable to do anything about it, it’s the right choice to depend on tools. For that sake, it is a good idea to save a tool of another element, but there’s nothing wrong with being able to use it yourself. 3 at most, is not right. You should at least be able to freely control 3 elements or in real combat there’s no doubt you will feel like something is lacking]

“… In the academy and in the country, it is common sense to first learn the one element you are most fit in”

So this time it’s the male student who said this would become an empty class huh. It’s not just “first”, the problem is that you are only doing that. You guys are considered elite after all. I understand their faces of displeasure. It isn’t fun to have someone deny the way they have been doing things after all.

[You guys are elite right? Is it okay for you guys to be like the other ones? Having your element seen through, be countered and ripped through like paper?]

“T-That is, we should believe in the swordsman and knights at the front…”

[Believe huh. That’s a nice word, but it’s not good to use that word as an escape route and not do anything. To create counter-plans from a high point of view, isn’t that how an elite should really be? Of course, even if it is a way to protect your body, to give up on it just because it is not your forte element that’s just no good. It would be one thing if it were impossible, but if it is a possible, you should try and reach out]

“Guh”

“Then, does that mean Raidou-sensei is able to maintain a high point-of-view and succeed when being isolated and approached by an enemy?”

This one is… Oh yeah, the boy that said he didn’t want an incompetent teacher. Did he get interested a little bit?

[In my case, for the sake of surviving, the point-of-view method is a bit different. Let’s see, then let’s today let’s show a mock battle between me and Shiki. Because it’s better to know the skills of the people that you will be learning from]

When I look at Shiki, he nods and takes out a staff that is wrapped in lustrous cloth. The staff that was humbly made by the Eldwas was showing its bare presence. The beautiful cloth that resembled silk, I don’t know how it was made, but it seems it has the ability to hide the status of an equipment.

“Me and my master, Raidou-sama, will be showing a bit of our abilities, so please do attend. It would be good if you are able to get used to one of the forms you should be aiming for” (Shiki)

I don’t know if Shiki’s words were reaching them or not. The students’ gazes were gathering at his staff. Their looks were filled with shock.

“Oi, that staff…”

“What is… that?”

“What crazy magic power. Also, the elements are jumbled together”

“Incredible. Not even in the academy’s displayed items have I seen something like this”

As expected, that staff is quite the creation. My clothes should be even more, but it doesn’t have the nature of leaking its power outside, so its looks are that of normal clothes.

We begin to move to a place a bit away from them.

Shiki had his hair tied up at his back and wearing a serious expression. Even if it was an order, he is a diligent one so he won’t cut corners.

[If it’s at this distance, it is enough to call it “having an enemy approach” right?]

In the midst of the glances that gathered on Shiki’s staff, I confirm with the boy who was the trigger of this mock battle. He nods with a meek face.

[Shiki, let’s begin]

“Then Raidou-sama, here I go!” (Shiki)

The mock battle to show our abilities and make the future easier to handle, had begun.





Chapter 86 - Looks like he will be my first student


– Aspiring swordsman student POV –

The fight between a new teacher who is in a range where aria wouldn’t be able to catch up and the man who seems to be working as his assistant, began.

The reason I came to this guy’s class was because Brait-sensei told me so I had no choice. I didn’t have any intentions to come here again. In the first place, I am a swordsman that uses magic as support and since the time I heard that Raidou’s lecture would be mostly about spells and arias, the direction it took was not fit to mine.

This is like a harassment from Brait-sensei. That sensei, whenever a practical skill teacher comes, he always sends a number of students that are from another expertize and pulls them away at once. That way he will use sweet words to draw in the teachers that are troubled getting students as protégé.

The temporary teachers that gather students in the first week without much effort normally get conceited after all. Later, they usually fail in gathering students. I think it is a low move, but it does show high effectiveness.

Brait-sensei is theoretical and teaches tactics as his main point, but he wants to have a higher position within the practical skill teachers so I think he is doing a lot of things. I don’t think that with only writing things down and discussions it can become true ability, so I can’t bring myself to like that sensei. I don’t think strategy and planning is a complete waste of time though.

Of course, there aren’t many decent practical skill teachers, so in the lectures that I have decided, there are some I want to take out or change. This is a place where rich and nobles gather, but it doesn’t mean skill will gather as well.

Scholarship students like me who have been recognized by the academy and possess special characteristics and aptitudes, don’t mind about being injured in classes as long as it increases my skills to the very limit. In this academy, those classes can be enumerated and because of popularity issues, they normally get closed down. I feel irritated by that.

That’s why, a person who can’t use his mouth and can’t even tell apart if he is a demi-human by his childish face, there’s no sense of expectation at all. Moreover, if there were such a genius of the same generation, the country would have already taken possession of him already. Well, he did pass the employment exam, so he must at least have the minimum requirements.

The man holding a staff, he said his name was Shiki-san. The moment he said he would go, he immediately made a dash onto Raidou and closed the distance in an instant.

Fast. He is probably faster than me at stepping in. I thought he was a magician as well but, could it be I was wrong?

Seeing his delicate features, he didn’t give me an image of close-range combat though.

“Wa!”

I involuntarily leak out my voice. I can hear something from everyone’s mouths, so it isn’t just me that’s surprised.

At the tip of Shiki-san’s staff, a golden knife appeared. It looked like a spear. There was no aria.

Is that an ability of that staff? I can tell that it is an amazing article from the magic power it releases. Also that it is a rare item I wouldn’t be able to even imagine its price.

There was no shred of hesitation. That edge was aiming directly at the chest of Raidou. He said himself that he was his master. What are his intentions?

The spear was heartlessly lunged. Fast. From the front, that is not a speed a magician would be able to follow with one’s eye.

This is over. I was sure of it. Shiki-san wins.

But my prediction was easily overturned.

Because the spear stopped less than 10 cm before reaching Raidou by a hexagonal barrier.

“….”

Again, I couldn’t feel an aria. What in the world is this?

It feels cold, like being poured with ice water.

Raidou is empty-handed. Not only does he not have a staff, he is not holding anything.

With no catalyst, he was able to create a barrier without aria in this short amount of time? Even for a joke, this is too far.

Without minding about being blocked, Shiki-san once again takes an offensive with his staff like a spear. The speed of the spear increases and his technique increases. Even my eyes can’t catch up.

And yet, Raidou was able to completely block that barrage with a single small barrier that he moved around.

Thus…

Raidou who caught Shiki-san’s spear with the edge of his barrier, used the barrier to slide the edge and ward it off. Before I noticed, the form of the barrier had changed from flat to a round shape.

The moment it was warded off, Raidou made an attack to the staff’s side and crumbles the posture of Shiki-san. The right hand of him that was shining red was stretched out.

The palm that had gouged into Shiki-san’s body shone magic power light and exploded. Shiki-san’s body is blown several meters away and a cloud of dust rose… What an exchange of offensive and defensive.

Raidou has practically not moved from his initial position.

Incredible. Is this… really a fight between two magicians?

I can hear the sound of gulping breath. I was being fascinated by the battle unfolding in front of me.

Before the cloud of dust dispersed, I could only confirm their figures by their shadows, but when Shiki-san got up as soon as he dropped, he hit the ground with the staff’s jewel.

In an instant, Raidou jumps back.

In the place where he was, at its circumference, numerous spears that would skewer its target projected out from the ground! Shiki-san is an earth element magician!

Raidou-sensei was able to predict this move. If it were me, there’s no doubt the battle would end with that surprise attack. I unconsciously bite my lips.

The cloud of dust was forcefully dispersed by that magic attack.

A red flash.

Is it fire arrow? Raidou-sensei, while jumping to the back, he was forming the spell and shot it. When I look carefully, I could see a part of Shiki-san’s earth spear was smashed.

However, I don’t know if it hit Shiki-san or he evaded it. There was no explosion nor impact. It just passed through my field of vision and disappeared just like that.

The figure of Shiki-san that was now in the open, was laughing.

His clothes didn’t have a single wound. I thought it was a magic with quite the power, but was he able to defend against that? It was to the point that a number of female students let out screams.

Looking again, this time, on Raidou-sensei’s feet, earth began to swell up. A black shining ore was created. The tip is sharp and had the shape of a nut.

That was shot at Shiki-san. The speed was as fast as an arrow.

Shiki-san uses the tip of the staff that doesn’t have the edge anymore to stop that black attack. When he does this, the black cluster that had become a dangerous weapon returns to being just earth and falls to the ground.

When sensei saw this, he creates two arrows at the same time one blue, one red and shoots them at Shiki-san.

Shiki-san takes them on with the tip of the staff again. The two lights are being swallowed. That staff… is absorbing magic power?!

“N-No way… Water, earth, fire. There is no way a person can use three elements at that high level of power”

“Parallel aria. This is the first time I have seen it”

That’s right. That staff is incredible, but Raidou-sensei is also. He is without a doubt using three elements at a battle-able level.

Also, to form two spells at the same time, parallel aria.

[Even though I shot two arrows of different elements at practically the same time, it was splendidly blocked]

“I have been training as well” (Shiki)

Since the battle began, this is the first time they have conversed.

[But we have taken a lot of time]

“You are right. Let’s end it with the next one” (Shiki)

After some frivolous talk, the two of them nod.

I was already completely fascinated by this fight. Since coming to this academy, I was sure this fight was levels above the ones I have seen until now.

From the mouth of both of them, arias were chanted for the first time. Both of them were languages I have never heard before.

Ancient language. This was clearly a different system of aria from the one we use.

Shiki-san points the staff’s tip at Raidou-sensei. Several magical formations overlapped and rotated in place at the tip and spheres of intricate design were being formed.

Raidou-sensei, seeing Shiki-san, he moves half of his body; his left hand to the front and his right hand to the back. As if he were holding a bow. At the end of that right hand, a black darkness was forming spherically.

The moment both sides released their spell.

Shiki-san’s white and Raidou-sensei’s black that were released…

Both of them collided and the light that surged took away my field of vision completely. I was now unable to follow the direction this battle would take.

Inside that light, I heard the short scream of someone.

And then, the light in the surroundings began to fade.

After recovering my eyesight, what I saw was Shiki who had lost his posture and leaning on his knees and Raidou-sensei grabbing his neck.

“I have lost” (Shiki)

I heard the voice of Shiki-san affirming this scene.

I unconsciously let a sigh escape and a sense of exhaustion pervades my whole body. It seems it wasn’t only me. Looks like the strength of everyone had left their body.

Raidou-sensei releases Shiki-san’s neck and looks at us.

If it were before the mock battle, I would have been able to return that gaze, but the me right now felt awfully scared by it. The gaze that overlapped for a second, was averted by me.

[I will leave the decision of if you want to come next time. If you want to become strong no matter what, I will welcome you guys with open arms]

I was astonished that even the magic power of the writing was scaring me now. For such a person to exist…

The world is vast.

Raidou-sensei didn’t turn back and leaves the field. But I have decided. There was no need to tell me. There’s no doubt that the current me needs his teachings.

“In the end, it felt like we only made self-introductions, but with this, this time’s lesson ends. I think you have now understood the effectiveness of being able to control multiple elements and to improve your arias… Oya? What’s wrong?” (Shiki)

Shiki-san tells us about the end of the lesson on Raidou-sensei’s stead. The tied up hair was already untied. Even though he was doing such an intense fight just now, Shiki-san smiled in a calm manner.

He is a magician, but this person possesses close-combat abilities that surpasses mine. Feelings of honest respect well up for Shiki-san. There’s no doubt the two of them are incredible people though.

Lured by the words and gaze of Shiki-san, I look at a girl of the same year. She was holding her left elbow with her right hand. From below that right hand, red blood was drawing a line.

“No, it’s nothing. Just a bit…”

“A splinter hit you in the mock battle just now huh” (Shiki)

Avoid something like that, is what I thought.

Ah, but… the scream that I heard at that last light. At that time it wouldn’t be strange to not be able to evade the splinters. The field of vision was zero after all.

But to hide her wound in shame at Shiki-san’s words must be because she thinks she is clumsy for not being able to evade it herself. She is also a person that is exempt from tuition, so her pride in her strength must be high.

“Uhm, it’s really okay so… ah”

“That’s something I will be deciding after looking at it. Even if I look like this, I have experience in healing after all” (Shiki)

Saying that, Shiki-san takes away her right hand and looks at the condition of her wound. Shiki-san naturally cleans the wound and the dirtied right hand with water. This person can also use water?

Also, experience in healing? It’s so incredible I have no words.

“It seems to be a shallow cut. It won’t turn into anything serious” (Shiki)

“Ah, yes. Thank you very much”

“At this level, there’s no need to use magic. Let’s see… Ah, here it is” (Shiki)

Shiki-san looks for something in his bag and shows it to her. A small bottle.

“It isn’t to the level of deluxe, but it’s a handmade medicine for wounds. If I smear the wound like this…” (Shiki)

“Hi~u!”

“Was it cold? Sorry, I forgot to tell you” (Shiki)

“Wa, yes. Ah, no, it’s okay”

He takes out an ointment type of medicine from the small bottle and spreads it through all the wound.

“Ah”

“Wow!”

“Incredible!!”

The wound visibly closes and returns to normal. Without using magic… Isn’t that quite the magic medication there?

N?

… Handmade?

Medicine manufacture… He is even in the alchemy area?!

Is he a superman?

“It isn’t something to be surprised about. It’s just a thing I slightly improved from basic wound medications” (Shiki)

Basic? This is?

If this is basic, then I might even believe his special ability can revive the dead.

“Now, with this you are fine. I am sorry for injuring you” (Shiki)

“N-No… Thank you very much. Uhm, about payment…”

“It’s enough with your thanks. This level of medication can be commonly found lined in our store. Well then, later” (Shiki)

This isn’t on a level that can be found even by mistake in pharmacies, Shiki-san.

But after Shiki-san brushed the earth that was on the clothes of the healed girl, he bowed and turned his back.

Brait-sensei, I… for the first time am grateful at you.

I truly thank you for introducing me to Raidou-sensei and Shiki-san.

Coming to this academy, I have finally met a person I want to call master.





Chapter 87 - Wishing that it will go well through all seasons


Even though I slept late, I woke up when the outside is still dim.

It’s been 2 weeks since I began working as a teacher in the academy.

In that period, I went to Gotetsu 10 times. I personally feel like I don’t want Nabe for a while… wait, that’s not it. Let’s leave aside my personal feelings.

Today is the day Kuzunoha will be opening its first store.

For the first store to be a branch office and not in Tsige feels weird, but I decide to just ignore that. In the midst of complicated circumstances, the time to finally open my store has come.

After consulting Tomoe, I had 2 Forest Onis send here. These guys are her personal selection so I believe in them, but the two people were the ones who attacked me, Akua and Eris.

The moment they got send here, I looked at their face and was thinking “change” but they were on the verge of crying and hugged me, so for now I decided not to do it.

I brought them to the outskirts once to test their skills, they have gotten pretty strong. It’s a mystery why they tremble at the mention of Tomoe, Mio and, for some reason, Komoe-chan. They must have passed through tough training.

I explained them about the work details, gave them advance payment and with an incredibly serious face, they swore loyalty.

It seems that the days here are a lot easier than in Asora. So that they don’t slack off, I must discipline them every now and then. We are in a situation where we can’t secure sufficient employers, so I thought I laid out quite the strict conditions though…

The conditions here are that they will be working for 10 hours each day with only one weekly holiday you know? It will be like living-in so even if daily necessities are guaranteed, for them to be this happy, just what kind of life were they leading in Asora? It should be mainly about correcting them, so it shouldn’t be putting that much pressure on them.

They were happy that they would be eating meals before working and at noon and also that they would have free time after finishing work. They cried happily while asking me if it was really fine to eat out. It’s not like they were thrown in an isolated cell at Asora and guarded 24/7. How exaggerated.

Last night at the time when Tomoe, Mio, Shiki and I were doing the closings of our discussion, it turned out that two eldwas will be send as well. These ones seem to have experience as staffs in the small store at Tsige, so I intent to frankly depend on them.

The initial members will be them, me and Shiki. In the end, when I tried asking the guild about interviews and abilities, they told me that the usual is to employ and then teach them. It seems like they don’t seek for abilities beforehand. Not only that, the job offers are something rare and the cases of company’s shopkeeper employing friends and family members are high. It seems like requests for part timers are not usual in this world. With worried faces, they asked me if I wanted to have the guild provide some people, but for now I refused.

And so, our numbers are totally not enough (at least for me), but for the store policy I am aiming for, these members have sufficient capability.

The first forte of this store will be that it will be opening late at night, when the night entertainment people and customers are returning home. When we have gathered people, I plan on having it operate ordinarily. Luckily, in this town there are no policies regarding the time a store that sells medication or miscellaneous goods should open. It’s just that all the stores think about the balance of customer numbers and security, so they close at evening, which in this world is at 18:00. In short, as long as there is enough safety, one is able to open at night and take all the customers in that hour, probably. Also, it would be nice if the miscellaneous stores that sell medicine remember our name.

It’s just that I don’t know how many customers are at night and if I should really go with this opening time, and I have to think if I should aim to be a convenience store. In this world, the people that work until late at night are not as many as I thought. I think it is a special case because it is Academy Town, but even with that.

That’s why, depending on the circumstances, I am thinking about doing direct deliveries at night. In that case, I would have to think about how to receive the orders. We will have to do various test runs, but the thing about opening at night will be done as an experiment to see how it goes.

Ah, that’s right. Now that I think about expectations, I remember that these are not all the members.

Tomoe said something about sending a useful one along with the eldwas. That Tomoe said was useful, so I think I can expect something. She herself has gone to the battlefield I was before to investigate, so she isn’t here and can’t come. Mio seems to have a previous engagement as well and didn’t seem to be so attached to coming to Academy Town. She must be making connections with people aside from me. I am a bit happy.

“It’s a surprise after all”, is what Tomoe said while smiling, so I feel slightly uneasy though…

I finished changing and walk outside the room.

At the indoors of a place where people are not present yet.

I walk down from the second floor where my room is, to the first floor where the store is.

That’s right, since 3 days ago, Shiki and I have already vacated from the inn and been living at the second floor of the store.

The number of rooms at the second floor is 6. Shiki and I have a room each, the forest onis will have one room, eldwas one room and the surprise person will have one room. The storeroom is at the first floor for now, so the second floor is completely a residence area. The forest Onis and eldwas will be changing places and returning to Asora every now and then, so I am not sure if those rooms will actually be used for sleeping though.

Each room is about 4 to 6 tatamis. It’s smaller than the rooms at Asora, but maybe because of Shiki’s interior design reform, the sense of the inside is pretty well done. I also participated in that, but I despaired at my lack of interior design sense in the middle of it and left it in the hands of Shiki. I noticed it when reforming the store as well, but it seems that Shiki has unexpectedly good sense in this. Even though he was a former skeleton.

Pulling myself together, I check the interior of the store that was created by my instructions and Shiki’s sense. Last night, I stayed up until late at night to check the goods line up and confirming the inventory. It felt bad to leave it to someone else, so I unintentionally stayed until late in things like changing the position of the spittoon, confirming that the shelf of the special products doesn’t obstruct the path of the customers…

While thinking that I was doing the same thing, I repeated it several times.

And as I moved my hands with a wry smile, I noticed that a faint light was coming from outside.

Finally huh.

I plan on opening at evening so it is still not the time yet, but even so, seeing the sun rise reaffirms my determination.

For now, I plan on using the medicines Shiki made, the energy drink I suggested, unusual southern fruits (in short, Asora), and also armor repairs by the eldwas. About the armor, I decided that instead of selling armor, we will just accept repair petitions. I received a report saying that people are placing a lot of armor petitions in Tsige and are creating quite the pressure.

Cutting the fruits of Asora in small sizes so that they don’t know what it is and put them in a container to sell, is also one of the reasons for their achievements in Tsige. While the fruit in itself is ‘effective’, we have discovered that there’s a bit of a problem with the seed. That’s why we cut the unusual fruits to make them easier to eat, is what we make them believe and remove the seeds beforehand. The refrigeration installations are easily made with magic and it is so convenient it makes me believe it surpasses science.

Regarding the medicines, we will be selling the wound medication Shiki advertised, generic poison antidotes, fever, pain-killer and cold medicine that works for various purposes, and also a strengthening medication that increases your abilities temporarily. Each one of them has been adjusted and limited into common sense level (probably), so I can have peace of mind.

Thinking about it calmly, I consider that this store, instead of having a lot of customers flowing in the first day, it is more the type that slowly gathers popularity and waits to gain regulars. Today it is fine if we attract people who are interested in the energy drink and the fruits, since it will serve as a seed for the future. If we disperse too many of them, it might create trouble, so I have already decided on the limit we will be selling in a day. It would be nice if it goes well. I can’t help but feel uneasy.

Today I don’t have lectures, so I can stay in the store when it opens. At night I should go to Asora and tell Tomoe and Mio about how the first day went.

I walk outside and look at the sign that’s at the top of the entrance which has written “Kuzunoha”. Writing that only we can read. It may become a minus point, but I unconsciously did it. I don’t regret it. I did add the translation at the top anyways.

I decided on the material of the sign just because I liked the smell of it, but it gives that Japanese feeling and it’s pretty nice. The eldwas also praised the material quality. The Hinoki cypress might be quite the tree.

Looking at the sign that has the name of the store, I resolve myself and returned inside the store.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆



The time is morning 10:00 o’clock. While I have the two forest oni girls and Shiki clean the store’s interior, I receive a call from Beren-san which I haven’t received for a long time.

It was to notify me that the two eldwas are ready to be sent. I do as he says and open a gate in the second floor and receive the two eldwas that came.

The person that came from behind them.

It was a person I feel I have seen before. Is he the helper?

But for him to be hyuman, what a surprise.

However, have I met him somewhere?

“Long time no see, boss<danna>”

He seems to know me. That means this sensation of not being able to remember is actually real. But, I don’t remember having a hyuman call me boss.

A bad feeling subtly rises in my mouth. Is that a hint? My body seems to remember.

Anyways, a hyuman huh. In that case, I have to use written communication. What a pain.

“B-Boss? I was instructed to help boss here by sis Tomoe though”

Sis Tomoe? More and more I can’t tell who he is.

Short cut silver hair, high stature and slender arms and legs. Because of that, he gives the impression of thin, but his whole body has proper muscles. His chin is pointed and his eyes are slanted, one can feel a wildness in them. The light that resides in his eyes that transmits composure and gives a cool feeling… cool?

Uhm. For some reason, I feel like I drank something disgusting… Ah, I think I am remembering.

[Could you be, a person I met in Tsige?]

It’s vague, but I ask him with that kind of feeling.

“S-So horrible! Could it be, you forgot about me?!”

[Sorry, there’s been so much lately]

“It’s me, Lyme! Lyme Latte, Boss! The adventurer Boss let go before”

Oh!

Now that he mentions, there was a disgusting name like that! Right right, Lyme Latte. It didn’t feel tasty. Ah~, so it’s him.

“… It seems you have remembered” (Lyme)

[Yeah, I let Tomoe handle this, but why is it that you were sent here?]

That’s right. If I remember correctly, Lyme Latte had his loved dagger broken by Tomoe and on top of that, Mio robbed him, so I had the eldwas create a decent sword and had Tomoe give it to him through the guild.

I thought that was all our connection was about though? Did Tomoe do something?

“After that, I received the sword from Sis Tomoe. It was in a class I have never seen before. I felt like my hips were gonna lose out” (Lyme)

Eh? I told Tomoe to leave it in the hands of the guild and told the eldwas to not make an absurd weapon though?

“Since then, Sis has been keeping an eye on me and in times she even let me accompany her in requests” (Lyme)

I haven’t heard of this… Tomoe.

“She even said something pleasant like “I have capability”” (Lyme)

Lyme scratches his nose happily with his index finger.

“Of course, I still don’t have the skills to use such a great weapon. Even so, I still want to help out Sis and Boss who have expectations of me. I may be undeserving of this, but I have come here to help by the orders of Sis Tomoe!” (Lyme)

… Tomoe, what in the world did you teach him in this few months?

Lyme looks at the katana that is half-drawn and has the length of a short sword, with determined eyes. S-She gave him a katana. That, instead of a dagger…

The vermillion scabbard shines vividly and draws one’s eyes. Because he is holding the scabbard, I can see the hilt perfectly. Around the hilt I can see diamond shaped drawings lined up and in the guard there’s some sort of flower pattern carved. That guard is the same as Tomoe’s one. I have seen it before.

Instead of calling it a coincidence, I think it is more of a move that Tomoe used in order to win him over. How to say it, for a dragon, she is able to read the hearts of hyumans.

“At times I report her the sketchy occurrences in Tsige and at times I receive training. Every day is so fun I can’t help but be elated!” (Lyme)

[I see]

I can clearly tell that the person himself doesn’t regret it at all. Then, isn’t it fine?

“Yes! And so, Sis requested me to help Kuzunoha Company and here I am. Go ahead, you can even use me in frauds if you want, Boss!” (Lyme)

Lyme says in one breath and falls onto one knee, lowering his head deeply.

Tomoe, could it be you… were using him as a spy in Tsige? What a scary person. I’m glad she is an ally.

I still can’t bring myself to trust him completely, but at least he is a person Tomoe can judge safe to bring to Asora. Let’s rely on him.

But this guy, he is the person with the highest level in Tsige, right? Is it okay to take him away?

By the way, in Academy Town there is a main office of the Adventurer Guild, but there is no section where one can accept requests. That’s why, it is hard for adventurers to gain money here. Obviously, the number of adventurers is low.

[I am happy that you say I can use you and I will be relying on you, but you are the number one adventurer in Tsige right? Is it okay to be here?]

“No need to worry. I am already not the number one after all. Right now, the party of Toa is at the top. Also, please refer to me as Lyme with no honorifics” (Lyme)

[I see, right now Toa-san and the others are top huh]

The girl and the others that were sticking like suckerfish onto Tomoe have grown in a way huh. The day they once again step into the inside of the wasteland might be close.

“Yeah, they probably have an objective now. They are frantically aiming for higher heights. I think that’s one would call growing” (Lyme)

[It would be great if that’s the case. As a senpai of the adventurers, I feel like I can believe you]

“… I am no longer a senpai though” (Lyme)

[What do you mean?]

“Yes. The moment I decided to give my life to Sis Tomoe, I reported my retirement at the guild” (Lyme)

[Retire?]

I tried to continue writing calmly, but inside me, I was quite altered. Retired he says. As in quitting as an adventurer?!

“I want to see what Sis and Boss are aiming for. Surprisingly, I am not regretting it at all” (Lyme)

H-He hasn’t been brainwashed right?

What can Tomoe be aiming for aside from Edo? Or more like, regarding me, I am trying to look for the tracks of my parents, hit the Goddess once and do business. Those are the only objective-like things I have you know?

What did she indoctrinate Lyme with? I’m beginning to get scared.

[If you have no regrets, then I won’t say anything more. In this place the only work I have for you is store tending, is that okay?]

I think it is an incredibly wasteful way though. He is a person that would even be useful if I bring him to the Academy after all.

“I don’t mind. Sis also asked me to keep an eye on the town’s rumors and trends though…” (Lyme)

What should I do? Is what Lyme’s eyes are asking me.

She also intends to use him as a spy here huh. I see, it certainly wouldn’t be bad to have him gather information. Inside the Academy I can ask Shiki, but if it’s the whole town, he might be better suited. He looks like he is accustomed already and there’s also the fact that it is a difficult task for the forest onis and eldwas, who are demi-humans.

Right, let’s try leaving it to Akua, Eris and Lyme; I will study. Lyme also temporarily gathered and acted as the head of the adventurers in Tsige. Then, he should have skills in dealing with people.

[Understood. I will leave that to you as well. Just, when there’s a need for money, don’t hesitate to tell me. Before stepping into dangerous information, make sure to report to me first and we will decide. Those type of things are not of my taste]

“Roger. Then, without delay, let’s see the goods while I help cleaning” (Lyme)

It was unexpected, but I have obtained one hyuman. Moreover, he played quite the active role.

After obtaining Lyme Latte, Kuzunoha Company’s opening day was able to finish safely. Thanks to him skillfully moving around, the distinguished people of the merchant guild and the influential people of the land, even when they suddenly appeared; Shiki, Lyme and I were able to somehow manage. It’s the first day of opening, so there will obviously be people coming to greet us. I was totally oblivious. That was a close one.

Regarding the results of our first day, the requests for armor repairing were zero. Even if we take into account the student level armor that they are provided, it is still armor that they entrust their life to, so trust is important. We can’t help the results in this. The fruit cuts that I prepared were gone by early afternoon and the extra ones lined up at evening were instantly sold out. About the medicines, each were sold slowly and at evening the students that Shiki advertised in the lecture came and the medicines’ sells increased in an instant. Maybe I should have restricted the number each person can buy.

Probably because they weren’t familiar with it, the cold medicine didn’t sell that much. Well, when real sick persons appear and the effects begin to show, the situation should change. I wonder how the composite cold medicine works in this world. When Shiki heard the concept from me, he said something about being ground-breaking and went to develop in high spirits, so it is probably the type that he didn’t put that much mind into. He felt down when it showed the lowest effect rank. If I have to translate what he said, it would be that it is an all-powerful medicine against light illnesses, or something like that? All-powerful is quite the exaggerated word, so I am not really sure.

The one that unexpectedly did well was the energy drink. The people that bought medicines, most of them bought a number of energy drinks. Regarding the strengthening medications, there wasn’t a single sell. Thinking about its effect, it is more an item for adventurers, so it might be better to sell this one at Tsige. The armor manufacturing is temporarily stopped, so I was thinking of lining up a new product. Also, I feel like when exams come in the Academy, it might even get restriction order.

Anyways.

Kuzunoha Company has only begun moving.

Business rivals will appear, doubts with the merchandize we handle, and we might even receive pressure from the people.

From now on will be the true company management. I don’t know how far a teenager with an inhuman face like me can go, but I will do my best.





Chapter 88 - Gossip – Tomoe, Royalty and Hero


Tomoe went to the lake bank. It was wide, deep, and so clear that even in Asora you wouldn’t be able to find one like this. It isn’t marked in maps, but it is certainly something that exists in this world.

Wearing Japanese clothing that can’t be found locally, she looked at the water surface in front of her with a simple pleased expression.

This girl who came here after her master Makoto returned to Academy Town, headed further north from there and arrives at the place where her master had fought. The girl, seeing that lake and thinking what in the world happened, finds some sort of thing that was in a hollowed space and it explains everything.

She does a single breath. Tomoe, who had heard the story from her master and left, couldn’t help but laugh. Holding her stomach, she literally rolled on the floor laughing.

The nonchalant words of her master, the words that one would even ignore, seeing the difference in realities was just too funny. ‘My last attack was probably on the level of pestering’ is what her master said, but to think that one attack created a lake. She couldn’t help being happy.

When she finally managed to calm herself to the bare minimum, she returned to the lakeshore and looks at the lake with a different impression from the first time she saw it.

“To create a lake from pestering. Really, Waka is truly a person who doesn’t bore me. I would have wanted, not to see it from memories, but to experience it personally”

The person that explained her the situation was a hyuman man who was a former soldier. When Tomoe took a peek at his memories, she saw that he was dragged into that attack while he was retreating. Losing one leg and somehow managing to survive, he stopped working as a soldier and is now living his life at the lake shore that is prohibited entry for now. He, who was in his midlife, had high experience as a soldier and there were many times when he had life threatening experiences. However, after he met with that attack, he has completely deteriorated. It was like if he was carried away by religion, he left the money with his family and began living his life here.

“What did he think and how he felt. Those kind of feelings became like a diffused light and, sadly, couldn’t see anything properly”

Moreover, he didn’t look at the fired attack. Thinking about the circumstances, there’s no doubt it was her master, but the only thing he knew is that her master had appeared suddenly in the battlefield. And the being that appeared from that golden light wasn’t a hero that appeared to save the people, but a being that had come to bring judgment in stead of God. They called him “Devil” by their own convenience. No one knows who began calling him that way, but maybe because that man liked the name, he began calling it over and over. Tomoe didn’t really blame him for that. Maybe because she thought of something after hearing the words of the broken man.

“Being a person and at the same time a demon. Because he executed both equally, he was called a devil huh. I see. Certainly, for Waka no matter if it is a person, a demon, a dragon or a god; if he considers you an obstacle, he will eliminate you. He is no agent of the Goddess nor an executioner, but that name certainly defines Waka well”

After doing a monologue with an expression filled with deep emotions, she followed the orders of her master and started investigating. Just like how she spoke with that man first thing in the morning, she searched for people that live at the lake shore and hear their story, and at night gather information from people that are not hyuman. The lake was close to Limia, but Tomoe didn’t step in there, and that day she lodged at the inn of the closest village. From what she heard in the inn, they said that, even if the lake was made not too long ago, powerful mamono don’t get close for some reason and moreover, maybe because it linked up with a number of rivers, fishes have begun to move there and it has heavily assisted in the daily life of the village.

(It’s probably because of the remnants of Waka’s magic power. It may be slight-ja, but what’s left is keeping the mamonos away. Also, if there are demon beasts that were present that day, even if the magic power disappears, they wouldn’t get close. More like, for hyumans to live so close when it hasn’t been even 1 month is strange-no ja. Now then, what should I do tomorrow? I will continue what I was doing and check out the other half that I haven’t checked yet, and I still can’t get a clear idea of how to stop the Goddess power and the interference of thought transmission. This one will probably take quite a bit of time)

The next day.

The prediction of Tomoe hit in the blank. There were a number of settlements, but there was no visible progress in the investigation.

Just, this lake is inside the Limia Kingdom and it is in a place close to its capital, and yet, even if it’s in an inconspicuous lake shore, Tomoe was surprised that demons were living there. For an enemy nation to live right in enemy territory is normally something impossible. Moreover, in that place lived demons and hyumans.

They don’t seem like spies. It seems that the demons who survived that day left the army and returned to live hidden here. When she checked their memories, there was the attack of Makoto, and Tomoe was surprised. The soldiers said that war is pointless and after being entranced by the destruction light and receiving injuries, no matter if they were hyumans or demons, they began feeling something that surpasses shared awareness and began living together. It was truly a strange scene.

Also, in terms of gatherings, there’s also the appearance of the devil.

This also left Tomoe dumbfounded.

A tall beautiful woman that even with a blue coat wrapped around her body, she still exuded the sexiness of a woman. No, it was a big red coat she dragged around.

A never before seen demi-human that emitted a golden light from its whole body. Its left was blue and its right it wore a red vestment. A young man who held an unworldly beauty when naked.

There were quite a lot of testimonies. Moreover, all of them were perfectly wrong. Just with what she remembered, there were at least ten different statements on the devil’s appearance. It was to the point one would question if it was a monster with different forms.

Since she was already in Limia, she thought she might as well go see the face of the hero, but from the information she gathered, it seems that the Limia hero is currently not in the region and it was a credible source so that day Tomoe decided to return to Asora.

Just in case she used the testimony that it was a man as base and that night Tomoe made a number of questions to Makoto.

“You, what did you say I was?” (Makoto)

Is the answer that was returned. Moreover, for some reason Makoto said “it will be light” with a scary smile and Tomoe was forced to accompany him in his bow training. She felt like she was walking in hell while alive.

While dragging her body, she was somehow able to arrive at her bed. She did feel like it was unreasonable, but this was her fault.

Because the questions were like this after all.

“Did Waka shine in the battlefield, like, literally?”

“Do you like to wear a coat with half blue half red?”

“Have you been naked in the middle of a battle?”

Those were the kind of questions. So Makoto had the right to get angry.

And so, at the third day.

This day, Tomoe went to the east bank of the lake in the morning, at a place with low number of people.

“Fumu, in this place, aside from the magic power of Waka, there’s no other thing that stands out-ja na. In the end, there was no information about the ring Waka said sealed the power of the Goddess. That it doesn’t even leave remnants might be because it really just functions for a short amount of time. A disposable tool-jaro. Because last night Waka was so intense, the joints in my body still hurt, so maybe I should leave the investigation of the lake’s interior for a later time. Hmph, Waka showed no maturity. I admit that I didn’t choose my words properly, but there was no need to chase me around with his certain hit arrows. Let’s just rest in Asora for today… Hn?”

Tomoe mutters words of complain while walking into the forest of the lake bank, but she suddenly stops her muttering.

Hyuman presence. Moreover, numerous.

Tomoe changes her senses. Even if she didn’t go to the point of taking combat stance, she is now in a state where she is slightly vigilant. To meet hyumans isn’t really that much to be conscious of, but it’s because she felt a number of dangerous presences in that group.

Instead of encountering inside the many trees, it is better to…, is what Tomoe thought and returns to an open space in the lake shore. There was a nice stump there to sit on. She sits with her body and gaze facing the lake. Of course, her senses were directed at the back where she still felt the numerous presences.

(It seems that… they are wearing quite the extravagant equipment. It looks like they even have attack methods that are effective against dragons-ja. It’s hard to believe that they came here aiming for me, but let’s not lower the guard. 3 persons huh)

Tomoe silently analyzes the other party. If they don’t make contact with her, then that’s fine. However, in the case that they make some sort of contact, she was thinking of what kind of façade she will take.

The presences get closer. It doesn’t seem like they noticed her, but it was a distance where they could see her. The three presences have advanced till the end of the forest.

(Is their objective this lake? It’s impossible that they came to sightsee, but if they are here to investigate like me, I could understand. In that case, it is fine to act like an adventurer or a company employer)

After deciding how she would act, from Tomoe’s back, a somewhat high-pitched voice of a man was heard.

“Samurai?!”

“Hm?”

It was a word she was used to, but it was the first time someone called her that way in this world. Tomoe reflexively turned with a smile.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

“I see, you are a merchant’s bodyguard” (Man)

“Umu, it’s called Kuzunoha Company. It’s still a small place though. I serve my master in that place. I work as a guard, as a merchant; well, I do anything” (Tomoe)

Tomoe, who had introduced herself as a merchant’s follower, had the eyes of the woman turned at her as if researching her. But she didn’t mind it and just says the name of her company.

“… You are using *Washi*? From what I see, you are only in your 20’s though?” (Man) <Washi is an old way of saying I>

“Uh? Ah, well, that’s just how it is-ja. But to ask for the age of a woman you just met is quite rude you know, brat” (Tomoe)

“B-Brat?!” (Man)

Tomoe who had judged that he was clearly younger than her and called him brat, the boy clearly shows anger and his voice gets rough.

“For a merchant, you don’t choose your words” (Woman)

The woman that had her eyes as if researching Tomoe, launched words that were mixed with criticism. The small girl that was at the woman’s side probably didn’t like Tomoe’s comment and lightly inflated her cheeks and glared at her.

From Tomoe’s back, the group that appeared was one man and two women. One of the women was at the latter half of her teens, the other was at an age one could call child. The man had a young face and make’s one think that he is probably in his middle teens. Their way of moving their bodies was quite good and the personal appearance of the three was neat. Also, instead of calling Tomoe an adventurer, her appearance gave more of an impression of white knight.

“I don’t have any name to call you anyways. I saw you in the age to call you brat, but was I wrong? From what I see, you guys give me the impression of being a group of knights or nobles, but what business do you have in this kind of place-ja?” (Tomoe)

“I’m not a brat! I have a proper name, Tomoki!” (Tomoki)

“To-Tomoki-sama. Today we are travelling incognito so…”

“… Onii-chan”

“Ah, without thinking I…” (Tomoki)

“Hoh~, Tomoki-dono huh. If calling you brat displeased you, I apologize. Sorry. And so, the remaining two, who are you guys?” (Tomoe)

When Tomoe turns her gaze away from the silver haired young man, Tomoki, she looks at the two girls and urges them with her words.

“… I am Lily. A person serving Tomoki-sama” (Lily)

“I am Mora. A companion of Onii-chan” (Mora)

After slight hesitation, the woman who was older, responded to Tomoe with a clear voice. And maybe because she was pushed, the girl that was hiding behind Lily’s clothes names herself.

(Lily, and also Tomoki huh. Thinking about the attributes of their weapons… It should be proper to see him as the hero of Gritonia huh. An otherworldler just like Waka. It stirs great interest but…)

On the other hand, Tomoe nods at the two’s introduction while guessing their identity. From their names and equipment, she had a general idea, but her interest was mostly concentrated in Tomoki.

“Lily-dono and Mora huh. Then once again, my name is Tomoe from Kuzunoha Company. Now then. Returning to the previous question, what are you guys doing here? I’m sightseeing this just-made lake, but from what I see in your heavy equipment, I can only think that you have a different objective” (Tomoe)

“?!”

Maybe they were astonished by the fact that she mentioned their equipment, Tomoki and the others show surprise. They have a number of strong weapons in possession, but they are mostly stowed away or deactivated and in a concealed state. They didn’t think she would point them out.

“If there’s a need to move in secret from Limia it must be…” (Tomoe)

“A-Anyways! That thing you are holding there, could it be a katana? Can I look at it for a bit?” (Tomoki)

Tomoki suddenly changes the topic to the two katanas that were hanging at Tomoe’s waist.

“Hm? Do you have an interest in my katanas? Now that I think about it, you said something about samurai, right? I don’t mind you looking. There you go” (Tomoe)

Tomoe takes the short one from the two katanas and gives it to Tomoki. Receiving the katana, Tomoki’s eyes shone and quickly takes the handle into his hands.

(What. He doesn’t have any interest in the workmanship of the scabbard and the guard’s design huh. How boring. The heroes came from another world just like Waka, but it seems that even if it’s an otherworldler it doesn’t mean it will be a person I can look forward to-ja na. Like this, the one at Limia is also doubtful)

Tomoe was disappointed in Tomoki’s conduct. Since before giving him the katana, she has been feeling discomfort from the gaze this thin silver haired man was giving her. Even so, she prioritized observation and didn’t let her expression show a single clue of the impression she has on him.

His way of moving, magic power, speech and conduct.

Tomoe, who has a master called Makoto, had a bit of interest in the heroes who came from the same world as him. Not only that, from the information she has obtained before her eyes, she couldn’t help but despair at the Gritonia Hero Tomoki.

Comparing his way of moving to the adventurers in Tsige, he is pretty decent. He probably would be inferior to the girl Toa, who had accompanied Makoto once.

His magic power, not only was it lower than Makoto, it was even lower than Tomoe herself. Comparing him to her self before the pact, he would be one turn higher.

His speech and conduct are out of question. In that area, he doesn’t have any difference from the idiotic adventurers you find anywhere. That’s how Tomoe judged him.

“Eh? Why? I can’t take it out from its scabbard” (Tomoki)

Obviously. If anyone could unsheathe it, no matter how low rank it is, she wouldn’t give her weapon. It’s a katana that, though imperfect, was given to her by the eldwas. It’s on a different level from the prototypes. To unsheathe the two katanas on Tomoe’s waist, you must be the owner Tomoe or Makoto or the craftsmen that maintain it. That’s how it was made.

Also, the most important part…

Was his attitude of not even asking permission from the owner to unsheathe the weapon. This left Tomoe astonished.

“Hm? Could it be, you want to see its blade? Sorry, that is something I have made so only I can draw it” (Tomoe)

Saying that, Tomoe stretches her hand as if telling him to return the katana. However, Tomoki didn’t show any signs of returning it.

“No, there is no way! I can use any kind of weapon. That’s why, this one as well…” (Tomoki)

He hasn’t even taken out the inner part of the sword and there’s not even a slight sight of the short sword, but the boy still tried to desperately draw it.

(Yareyare)

Amazed from the bottom of her heart, Tomoe takes the katana from the boy who was holding it with both hands as if it were the most natural thing.

“Wa?!” (Tomoki)

Not understanding how the katana was stolen from him, Tomoki’s surprise was in vain.

On the other hand, seeing Tomoe’s movements, Lily strengthens her vigilance. Even she didn’t understand what Tomoe did, but Tomoki and her, and also Mora who was beside her, were surprised by the movement she used to take the katana which they couldn’t perceive. Right now, Lily regretted the fact that they didn’t have the knight Ginebia accompany them.

“Please don’t treat it so violently. It’s an important partner after all. If you want to see its blade, here, is this fine?” (Tomoe)

Tomoe, in front of the eyes of the three, at the same time as she recovers her katana from Tomoki, takes off the sheath and unsheathes it in an instant.

“Incredible…”

“What is that”

“Beautiful…”

From the three of them, breaths of admiration and words of wonder leaked out.

The beauty of the sword. The peculiarity of that sword’s blade which one wouldn’t be able to find in other swords. The three of them were almost entranced by that sensation.

No matter where you look: the handle coil, guard, scabbard; there’s no doubt they were fascinated by the craftsmanship that was performed in them.

The sword blade that has not touched the water and yet looked like it was wet. That wasn’t because of the forged metal, it proved that this was a rare article that had been endowed with high skills.

Not only that. The moment it was unsheathed, the surroundings grew cold and the temperature began to lower. This increased the freezing impression it gave off, but at the same time, the three who were overwhelmed by the katana didn’t notice the spell she casted at the moment she drew her sword.

“Tto. Even though it is noon, this part is cold. Staying here too long might affect the body’s health” (Tomoe)

With a natural gesture, Tomoe sheathed her katana.

“Are you satisfied? Then, I have other things I have to do in a hurry, so with this I excuse myself” (Tomoe)

(Geez. To think the hero would only be at this level, what a waste of time-jatta na. He is like a kid who got an edged weapon that can cut well)

“W-Wait please!” (Tomoki)

“… I did say, I was in a hurry though?” (Tomoe)

Tomoe turns as if it was a pain.

Confirming that she stopped, Tomoki whispers something to Lily’s ear. Hearing what he said, the girl nods.

“You said your name was Tomoe-san right. That weapon, seems to be quite the rare article. How about it, I will ready whatever price you ask, so could you please give it to us?” (Lily)

(That trade, it isn’t done by the hero but by the woman huh. Lily, I see, she is a princess right. So that means she is the wallet in this group. But to want a weapon you can’t even unsheathe, does he have no distinction or does he have some sort of plan? Well, I don’t have any intentions of giving it to him though)

“I thought I told you this is a katana only I can use-ja. Sorry, but I don’t have any intentions of trading it for money. If you want a katana no matter what, you can go to the remote land Tsige. If you do well, you can obtain one-jaro” (Tomoe)

“… I was thinking of keeping this a secret, but guess I have no choice. Tomoe-san, the person here, Tomoki-sama, is the hero that the Goddess-sama has send. I am the princess of Gritonia, Princess Lily” (Lily)

“Hoh~, you guys are the hero and princess! What a surprise!” (Tomoe)

Tomoe shows surprise at the identity that was finally revealed. But at the truth that she already knew, she internally smiled wryly at the shamelessness.

“I will plead you once more. For the sake of the hyumans, no, for the sake of this world’s future, could you please cooperate? I may be someone who has abandoned her position, but I am still a princess. I can even help Tomoe-sama open a store for the Kuzunoha Company in our country. No, I promise you” (Lily)

Tomoe narrows her eyes at Lily’s words.

“Oh, scary scary. The moment you take out your position as princess you change into threatening? Mentioning the name of my company makes me cower in fear~. Also, even if you are a royalty-sama, to use such intonation. Just how deliberate can you be” (Tomoe)

“No, in no way did I say this with such intentions. I am already not in a position where I can call myself royalty. To lower my head to a person who will provide assistance to hero-sama is a given” (Lily)

(Tomoe, huh. This is the first time I have heard of Kuzunoha Company, but seeing how the conversation goes, it is most likely a company that has just opened a store in Tsige. That place is located at the border of the world, so it isn’t a place I can’t ignore anyways, so maybe I should investigate. That weapon, from what I have seen, it is one with quite the depth, so if there is a craftsman that can create it, I might be able to capture him and have him work in the production of guns) (Lily)

“I see. I can’t help but feel like you are thinking about a lot of dangerous things though” (Tomoe)

“… Please don’t joke around” (Lily)

“Anyways, I have no intentions of giving it” (Tomoe)

“… Then, it is fine. I don’t need the katana” (Tomoki)

“Onii-chan?!”

“Tomoki-sama, is that okay?!” (Lily)

“Hoh~ what pleasant words but, what do you really mean?” (Tomoe)

“Just like how Lily said before, I am a hero. I am fighting for the sake of this world. Defeat the demon lord and after that I will create a peaceful world. Tomoe-san, for that sake, please lend us your power” (Tomoki)

Looking straight at Tomoe’s eyes, he makes a serious face and confesses he is a hero, inviting her to be his companion. Tomoe admired his manner for a second. It was literally a second though.

(… Just by looking at his words, it is splendid-ja. But that impolite gaze that has been checking my body for a while now and that way of handling my katana. Also… the eyes he is currently using to look at me. When I thought he was at least able to talk while looking at one’s eyes… this is the enticing type huh. How stupid. Defeating the Demon Lord and after that peace, he says. I can already clearly see his attachment to power. If I want to, I would be able to see this idiot’s memories, but he is so transparent I don’t even need to. It’s making me feel sick) (Tomoe)

When she silently takes his gaze, the enticing power that Tomoki was emitting increased in strength instantly. It was a strengthening that one wouldn’t be able to see its effect, but even so, Tomoe took it refreshingly. Lily probably noticed what Tomoki was trying to do, she watched over the situation.

A space of silence.

Mora, who was behind Lily, looked like she decided something and took a step forward.

Tomoe shifts her gaze from Tomoki and looks at Mora who had showed movement with a refreshed appearance.

“What is it, girl?” (Tomoe)

“Y-You are a dragon right?!” (Mora)

“… Hoh~, why do you think that? No, wait. I see, you said your name was Mora right. You are a person who uses dragons huh. Now that I think about it, hyumans can be born with the power to use dragons, though it is pretty rare. It is said that it will never happen with demons but… I see, so you are like that” (Tomoe)

“Uh”

“So you smelled the scent of a dragon in me? But too bad-ja, just as how you see, I am not a dragon. And if I am dragon, what did you intend to do?” (Tomoe)

“Lies! It’s not only the scent of a dragon, I can clearly feel the power of a dragon in you. You are quite the strong dragon!” (Mora)

(Dragon?! Mora is a dragon tamer, obviously her ability to detect dragons is better than anyone else. Moreover, she said she was quite strong. In that case, the dragons around here would be the “waterfall” dragon. Is she somewhere around that kin? Then I can understand why that sword is like that. It looked like a water element one after all) (Lily)

“Ku… Ku kuku! Too bad-ja, but I’m not a waterfall dragon princess. It is nice to ponder, but it is better not to jump into weird conclusions” (Tomoe)

“Wa… eh?”

“No matter how strong you are, if you are a dragon, you should listen to what I say! Tomoe! Become my and Onii-chan’s strength! (Mora)

At some point in time, Mora held a transparent ball in both hands facing Tomoe and voiced out words with power.

On the other hand, Tomoe had been ignoring the words of Mora and urging her to continue, but when she said, Tomoe, without any honorifics, her eyebrows twitched.

“… The dragon that is attached to this girl must really adore lolis. There was practically no knowledge in enslavement there, and not only that, it doesn’t even look like you know what you are doing. You idiot” (Tomoe)

“Ah, eh? Tomoe, just called me…” (Mora)

“Fool! How long do you plan on throwing me your stupid thoughts you lass?! I will admit your petty talent. If you have good affinity, you would be able to make medium class dragons obey you practically with no conditions, but that’s how far your talent goes” (Tomoe)

With a thunderous voice, Tomoe erases the submission urging thoughts that were being transmitted from the transparent ball. That expression was the most severe one the three of them have seen until now, and was clearly looking down on their everything. Especially the girl who was exposed to Tomoe’s cold gaze, she was trembling in fear.

“W-Why?” (Mora)

Mora couldn’t understand what was happening. There’s no helping it. If it was a dragon, no matter if it’s a stray one, she would be able to tame it and hear the wishes of Mora. The being in front of her was emitting a pronounced dragon scent from her body and was clearly a being related to dragons.

And yet, not only did she not lower her head, there wasn’t even a sign of obeying.

“Looking at you, you are probably compatible with fire type dragons. They are idiots who have uselessly big wings and are only good for flying and I despise them, but it seems like the fellow who is serving you has quite the perverted inclination-ja na” (Tomoe)

“D-Don’t speak ill of Nagi!” (Mora)

“Don’t bawl!” (Tomoe)

“Hih!”

“That so called Nagi isn’t showing any signs of helping her master in need though? You still don’t understand? The difference in strength between you and me. Rather, why don’t I show you right here?” (Tomoe)

(Kuh, damn it. In the course of events, I have ended up angered. As expected, if I want to put my hands on the hero, I would have to get permission of Waka first. But this group of idiots, just how hopeless are they?) (Tomoe)

After accidentally blurting out words driven by anger, Tomoe thinks about her master. Makoto is somewhat mindful about the heroes. Though even if it’s said like that, it doesn’t mean in a cooperative way, but more like just their circumstances and tendencies. In truth, Tomoe, Mio and Shiki who are the closest to Makoto, don’t even know his relationship between the heroes.

If it’s just because they are otherworldlers, then Tomoe and the others wouldn’t hold back, but for heroes that were transported to this world at the same time, they couldn’t help but hesitate asking.

In the time when Tomoe was pondering, Tomoki intruded in the space between her and Mora.

“If Mora did something, I apologize. But, could you please give me your answer to my invitation?” (Tomoki)

He once again gazes at her. For Tomoe, this enticing power is only annoying.

“It’s not to the level where hero has to apologize. Also, you who are facing me with those annoying eyes, is no different from her. Is it because the visitor from another world doesn’t have that much confidence in himself? It is slightly sickening, so can you stop. Of course, my answer is no-ja. I already have a master called Makoto who I have offered myself to” (Tomoe)

“You… You noticed the demon eyes?!” (Tomoki)

“Relax. No matter if you use that kind of power or not, my impression of you would not have changed. It’s just boring. Not only do I not want to fight along with you, I don’t even want to cross blades” (Tomoe)

“Lightning Lance!” (Tomoki)

“?!!”

Seeing Tomoki calling his loved weapon, the two girls stiffen their bodies. But Tomoe looks at him as if looking at a pebble on the roadside, she looked at Tomoki with an inorganic gaze.

“You look like a kid throwing a tantrum-ja na!” (Tomoe)

“Shut up!!” (Tomoki)

Tomoki’s lance penetrates Tomoe’s right shoulder.

But Tomoe doesn’t show any signs of pain, and blood doesn’t flow from the wound.

At another place from Tomoki’s dumbfounded expression, Tomoe’s contour blurred, becaming small grains and dispersing.

“You can’t even tell apart if the person you are talking to is an illusion. Truly, foolish. Princess Lily, our meeting here may have been sweet, but let’s make it as if it never happened. If you don’t even understand the true meaning of this and still begin foolish actions, have in mind that, not long, there will only be one hero remaining” (Tomoe)

Tomoe’s voice reverberates in their bodies.

A mist that enshrouds till the knees of an adult.

(When did this mist… It must be an illusion type. “If you don’t understand the true meaning” huh. She probably means to not make contact with Kuzunoha Company. No, as long as I don’t get the full picture of Tomoe, I should not put my hands on Tsige. Just what in the world is her? I have never heard of a dragon that can read the minds of people) (Lily)

Because of Tomoe’s spell, the forest becomes a mist labyrinth.

Tomoki and the others who were in the middle of it, could only absentmindedly stand there.





Chapter 89 - Gossip – Mio, Cooking and Hero (1)


“Ehm, seaweed with thickness and hard dried fish… was it?”

A woman that doesn’t fit the port town’s market walks.

The bustling sells of various articles that are unfolding on both sides of the street, and the calls of the shopkeepers that shout with a loud voice.

That the places where there are no stands are the street, makes it a complicated labyrinth with irregular shaped pathways.

The people seen when walking down the road were normally naked on the upper half or wearing a thin shirt. The number of muscular men was high.

She was clearly not familiar in this place, a girl wearing clothes deep indigo blue that were close to black was obviously an existence that was out of place here.

The clothes called kimono is probably an attire that no one in this port town has seen before.

And also, her hair that may or may not reach her shoulders, glossy black hair that has been beautifully trimmed. Her long slit and black eyes, and her vibrant deep red lips. The beauty that emitted conspicuous colors was clear in everyone’s eyes.

Her attire and appearance, with those two combined, make the people walking by turn and look twice. That person is one of Kuzunoha Companies strongest jewels, Mio.

Her representative Makoto is currently in Academy Town and finished opening a store there. Tomoe who has been acting alongside her, has received a task by Makoto and is in a faraway place, so right now Mio is alone.

But she is not free.

For the sake of pioneering the port town as Makoto told her, she advanced through the north road of Tsige and arrived at this town that is located at the sea.

It isn’t that big of a town. Compared to Tsige, the size of this one is clearly smaller.

The other remote regions have a land route for goods distribution called the gold highway, but the growth of this town is slightly restraint.

To walk with hyuman legs and take just a few days, one would be able to raise several questions.

Whatever the case, this location is port town Koran that is blessed to a certain extent, doesn’t have a direct connection to the world’s border special procurement route and even when they have the potential to receive merchant ships of the highest class, they still haven’t reached that scale. A deplorable town.

Even so, there’s obviously no need to compare this to Tsige in marine products. There were many ingredients Mio had seen for the first time and were unfolded in the market.

However, it seems that the thing she is looking for or something close to it, she still couldn’t find it. Mio stops her feet and sighs.

“I can’t find anything close to kelp and skipjack tuna”

What Mio is looking for are ingredients that are pretty common in Makoto’s world.

It’s just that, this isn’t something that Makoto asked for.

After Mio separated from Makoto, she has been enjoying the food and she has mostly visited the famous restaurants and bars in Tsige. Makoto has accompanied her in eating while walking and has been accepting the food he recommended, but even if it’s wide, there’s still a limit. There are a few where she hasn’t visited, but it’s clear that she will hit the bottom soon. For Mio who loves Makoto and delicious food, this was a worrying situation.

Then a chance came.

Tomoe nonchalantly said this.

“In that case, isn’t it fine for Mio to just make the food Waka likes?”

For Mio, these words were literally a divine revelation.

To make food… HERSELF.



For the girl who just ate the food that was brought to her, the impact of those words made her body stagger. And then she looked at Tomoe with a serious face, as if looking at a genius.

That’s exactly it.

If she makes it herself, she can create what she considers the ideal taste. Even the taste that Makoto wishes for, she might be able to make it as well, is what she thought.

To begin, she tried to recreate the food she has eaten until now. But she was left astonished.

She didn’t know the process of cooking at all.

Cut, bake, boil, fry; that level she can manage, but the further steps she just can’t.

There are people in Asora who can cook, and she was mostly taught by the orcs in cooking which increased her skills.

Even so, she wasn’t able to reach the level of the food she ate in Tsige. Mio, lowering the number of requests she took in the Adventurer Guild, revisited the restaurants and bars and lowered her head to the cooks there.

She challenged a number of times and failed. And Mio who had begun understanding the basic parts of cooking, had felt some sort of respect for the people that she couldn’t replicate the food from. That’s why, for Mio who wants to be taught the recipe and technique, it was natural to lower her head. On the other hand, the shopkeepers and cooks who saw this, couldn’t bear it.

In Tsige, the adventurers and the people related, there is not a single one who doesn’t know the existence of Mio. And that person herself is suddenly lowering her head and asking to teach her cooking.

The cooks showed such respect that one wouldn’t be able to tell who was the one asking for a favor, and practically in an instant they accepted her request. Just, there’s also the deal about competing stores and secret recipes, so there were parts they couldn’t teach her; is what they supplicated Mio with visible sweat. Of course, Mio nods at their words. She told them that it was okay to just teach about some particular foods, and she is not intending to be a hindrance in their business so it was fine to not tell her the secret recipes and techniques.

And so, relinquishing sleep time, Mio went to the cooks’ kitchen to get taught and there were cases when she matched times with them and accompanied them. After 1 month, Mio was able to recreate the food, not to a perfect level, but she was able to understand the basic essentials of the food in Tsige and mimic them.

The complex parts like the hand skills and sauce, she still doesn’t reach their level, but it’s an acquisition rate that would surprise anyone.

This may digress, but Mio who normally treats adventurers coldly, was using formal language with cooks. And because of that, in the restaurants, bars, and inn’s which are close to that connotation; her behavior with the adventurers became docile.

And so, now. The objective of Mio in this port town was exactly, the recreation of Japanese food.

The food of her Master Makoto’s world. Before heading to the Academy, Makoto explained her about the world he had come from. And Mio, seeing that it would be impossible to meet that scenery and food, was truly sad. By the way, she really didn’t have any particular impression about Makoto’s blood-line. Shiki was incredibly excited and made quite the ruckus, so he received the iron fist of Tomoe, but Mio honestly didn’t mind what country Makoto was from, no, no matter what world he was from, it wouldn’t change. He is just her only master and an irreplaceable existence. That’s why, no matter what’s in his past, she wouldn’t mind. Instead of such boring stuff, her interest in the Japanese food Makoto was eating was more important.

The Japanese food’s foundation was different from Tsige’s food. Instead of using meat, it gave the impression that they used more marine products and she thought that the port town would serve as some sort of clue, but…

“No good. To begin with, there’s not much dried stuff. From the Japanese food I saw in those memories, the only thing I can recreate is the sunny-side fried eggs. I had Tomoe cooperate with me and research for ways to cook, but it seems that the kelp and skipjack tuna are indispensable. The rice and miso are being recreated by Tomoe so, leaving that to her, I should gather various ingredients and learn different ways of cooking, and yet…”

Mio who had resolved herself to someday provide Makoto with Japanese food in Asora, had quite the expectations from the port town, Koran.

However, the truth was that she couldn’t find the ingredients and the important dried fish was absolutely scarce. It was to the point that it made her question if this town didn’t actually delve in that kind of manufacturing.

“Dried fish? Things dried in the sun? Hmph, around this area there’s no one who would go all the way to dry in order to eat fish and if they plan on carrying it to a faraway place, they normally freeze it”

“In here the most important thing is freshness after all. To go through the trouble of drying it. Well, there might be houses where they dry them for one night but…”

“They are low in numbers but, in places like souvenir and wholesale stores there might be some”

She went around and asked, but the answers that she received were all unreliable. Even so, there was a bit of information regarding dried fish. The problem is the kelp. Even when telling them their characteristics, they all made faces like they haven’t heard of it before, making Mio dejected.

After doing a round around the market, Mio decided to go check the beach.

Because she was taught that the place where fishes are dried is in the sandy beach, she thought that maybe she could get some information from the people that actually practice this. She felt like she was clinging to straws.

“Is it that. It makes a peculiar smell. Like raw, or more like… a bad smell I have felt in the city but at the same time different. Fuh~, even though there should be marine plants drifting all around in the beach. Why is it that I can’t find any?”

While viewing the work at a distance, Mio despairs at the fact that there is only fish there. Glancing at one part of the beach, there was a black lump there and Mio noticed that it was washed up seaweed.

In a place with pebbles spread all over and wood put together, a base was made located at an area where the sunlight hits easily. Fishes were placed there. The small ones are left as is and all the others were cut opened.

“Now that I think about it, the smell of fish stinks more than beast meat. I feel like even boiling beast bone for a long time to make Dashi <soup>, there are also no fitting ingredients for it either. Tomoe-san told me that: “That’s where the kelp comes in-nan ja”, and said there was a special method. I thought that the basic process behind making soup with beast bone and fish bone as well as the ingredients were practically the same, but maybe that’s not the case…”

In the end, she wasn’t able to get any new information from the workers. However, she was holding doubts about her own thoughts and gets closer to the black lump located at the beach.

One of the workers said: “That’s trash of the sea”, but Mio didn’t mind.

“There are some that are warm to the touch and ones that are thin. There’s quite a lot of types. When I look closely at their color, there’s green and blue, and there’s even red. The taste is… ara. Crispy and tasty. Saying its trash, what a waste. This one here is… well, the slight stickiness is worrying, but it is eatable. The lukewarm one has some white powder stuck on it-desu wa ne. Heh~, this one has a strong taste. The aroma is like that of the beach, a nice scent. The white powder is not poison either. From what I have gotten, the parts that are dry get hard but their taste gets stronger. Isn’t this quite enough to qualify as ingredients-desu ka? Geez, they really have no insight”

In order to have Tomoe inspect it, Mio looks for ones whose current state is good. The people that were drying fish gathered at a distance and looked at her eccentricities with a disgusted face. But in the middle, someone suddenly faced where Mio was, lifted both of its hands and began screaming.

But Mio who was concentrated in selecting seaweed, didn’t notice that.

Several people look at the source, but Mio concentrated in her mouth. After they made noise is when Mio finally noticed. But it was already too slow.

“That is… what’s going on? Ah, maybe you were curious after seeing me eat seaweed? Eh?!” (Mio)

An impact suddenly came from the back.

If it was a normal person, it would have certainly been a fatal attack. That’s how strong the attack Mio received was.

Mio who had stood up from her squatting position with both hands filled with her harvest, had completely let her guard down. If she had spread out a “network” and expanded her perception area it would have been a different story, but Mio isn’t that skilled in the perception of her surroundings. Without any proper preparations, she received the attack and was blown away.

Mio was in the inner part of the beach at a place a bit faraway, attacked from behind while she was testing the seaweed.

A loud sound of water mixed with the noise of waves was raised.

That’s right, Mio was completely thrown into the sea water.

The ingredients that she had carefully selected and were in her hands, were released because of the surprise attack. And were washed by the waves and disappeared into the open sea.

“…”

Mio stood up silently.

At her shoulder, there was a ferocious silver beast hanging onto her, biting her hard. With its hind legs it kicked Mio’s body several times and from its moving jaw, one can see that the beast is still continuing to put in power. And yet, Mio didn’t show any reaction.

From the sandy part of the beach, there was a shadow running to where Mio is, and it was reflected in her field of vision.

“… I have been drenched” (Mio)

A cold penetrating voice rang out.

The big wolf that would reach the ground if it stretched its legs, stopped its kicks. That’s the identity of the beast that attacked Mio.

But that big and ferocious beast was scared by Mio’s words and weakness became present in its eyes.

From its throat, an unreliable groan resounded.

“…”

Using her right hand, Mio casually grabs the silver wolf that was biting her left shoulder by the neck.

It was a show of strength that none would expect from a woman, but just like that she pulled the wolf that was at her shoulder and smashed it into the sea.

Mio’s shoulders didn’t have a single wound. It just left a small mark on the kimono she was wearing. The cloth resisted the attack of a wolf that was obviously not a normal beast. It was clear that it was not a simple kimono.

On the other hand, the wolf, just by being smashed into the ground, was so weak it couldn’t even stand up properly. It was pushing its body up with its front legs, but its hind legs didn’t do the same. It could only look at Mio while moaning weakly.

“Die, you bitch” (Mio)

Mio takes out the folding fan from her bosom and swings it closed.

Looking at the wolf with cold eyes that showed no mercy, she swings it in a breath.

It was literally a paper-thin difference.

The dark shadow enters into the space between Mio’s attack and the wolf, and runs past while holding the wolf.

It must have been quite the desperate sprint. Without taking its distance from Mio, the shadow’s posture crumbles.

“…”

Mio, with her dangerous chill still around her, stops her movements and looks at the intruder that was standing on its knees.

*Zuu Zuu

An unusual sound reverberates in the place. The intruder thinking what was that sound, concentrates on the source of the sound.

At the sea that preceded Mio’s folding fan swing…

Without caring about that disturbance, the sea that was carrying the wave… suddenly split up.

The sea had divided in a range of several tens of meters from where Mio is and the bottom of the ocean was exposed.

It was only a phenomenon that lasted for a few seconds, but the intruder gulped its breath and stared at that spectacle.

“The owner? Then accompany it” (Mio)

Mio swings her folding fang without hearing the answer of the intruder who had lost its words because of the previous phenomenon.

“I’m sorry!!”

The arm that was swung trembles, and stops. Because it lowered its head with all it had, when she thought it would stand up.

“…”

Maybe it piqued her interest. The hand of Mio stops and she waits for the next words of the intruder.

“When I went to check the beach, this little one suddenly attacked you and… It’s my fault. I understand that you are angered, but please, forgive us. The treatment of your injury and the mending of that kimono; I will definitely do it so!”

Mio slowly lowers her folding fan, and puts it back into her bosom. She forgave it, or more like, it was because this one has piqued her interest.

In this place where people don’t know the name of kimono, the black haired girl here had said it as if it were natural. The girl in question stares at the folding fan that was lowered, and looked like all her strength left her.

“… I am not injured so there’s no need for treatment. Also, mend my kimono? It’s is unfortunate, but this isn’t something you can fix” (Mio)

It looked like she was a bit down because of the traces of fang in her kimono, but it wasn’t torn. Actually, the only damage-like damage was the washed away seaweed and that she was drenched.

“I-I am sorry”

“Let’s see, if you help me out and treat me to dinner, I can leave it as if it never happened” (Mio)

“If there’s anything I can do! Regarding the dinner, please let me treat you! Thank you very much! Uhm…”

“Mio-desu. And you lady?” (Mio)

“Hibiki. Mio-san, I am truly sorry. This child is also reflecting so…” (Hibiki)

At the place where she points out, there was the wolf curling its tail, but it was still sending a hostile gaze at Mio. It didn’t look like it was reflecting at all.

“Reflecting?” (Mio)

“Sorry! Horn, return!” (Hibiki)

The silver wolf is enveloped by light and disappears into the sash of Hibiki. Seeing that, Mio slightly narrows her eyes.

“That wolf is a spirit who lives in a tool?” (Mio)

“I don’t know in detail, but it’s something like a guardian beast” (Hibiki)

“… I see. Then Hibiki, could you please help me sort out the seaweed that is in good state?” (Mio)

“Seaweed? Uhm… is it for wakame or kelp? Mio-san is a cook?” (Hibiki)

Mio’s eyes widen at the nonchalant words of Hibiki. For Hibiki, her real reason to ask about her being a cook is because she actually wanted to continue by asking Mio what in the world is she. Of course, she doesn’t really think that Mio who easily split up the sea, to be a cook.

“?! That! Is there kelp among these?!” (Mio)

“Eh?! Ah, uhm, it’s probably the big one over there” (Hibiki)

“This one?! Or maybe this one?!” (Mio)

Just where in the world did her previous intensity go. She was now holding the said seaweeds in each hand and looking at Hibiki with eyes that radiated a different kind of intensity.

“T-The one Mio-san is holding at your right is probably… kelp I think….” (Hibiki)

“To think that not only was it not being sold, but dropped?!” (Mio)

Throwing away the one at her left, Mio holds the kelp (probably) at her right with both hands and looks at it seriously.

(Eh? Is she really a cook or something like that? I have heard that the wasteland before the town called Tsige was a place where common sense didn’t work but… is it that common sense won’t work beginning from the outside part? She was uninjured after being attacked by Horn and was able to easily split the sea with a folding fan. For someone like that to be a cook…) (Hibiki)

Hibiki looks seriously at that Mio.

“Uhm, Mio-san. The one you threw is probably something called wakame and it is used in miso… I mean, as an ingredient which I think will go along well in soup” (Hibiki)

Just from the looks she wasn’t sure, but Hibiki follows her explanation on the other one that was cruelly thrown away onto the beach. Immediately after that, Mio once again holds the wakame and washes it with sea water.

“Wakame! That’s right, this was wakame! Ah, Hibiki-san! I thank Waka-sama for this encounter!” (Mio)

“Uwa!! Mio-san, just what is Waka-sama? Or more like, I’m sorry, it hurts, it stinks. Please let me go~~!!” (Hibiki)

In her left hand wakame, in her right kelp; holding both of them, Mio embraces Hibiki with quite the vigor and strength, without reserve.

Mio didn’t notice at all, but this is how the Limia hero Otonashi Hibiki and Mio met.





Chapter 90 - Gossip – Mio, Cooking and Hero (2)


“Then, Hibiki and the others were looking for weapons and were in the middle of heading to Tsige?”

“Yes. Our original plan was to use the gold highway and teleport until reaching Tsige, but we had some circumstances and have used ships and inconspicuous routes to transport until here”

In the highway with people, 5 persons were walking.

The sun is still high up and with the sparse number of people in this highway, one can tell that it isn’t used that often.

It’s the shortest route that connects Koran to Tsige. At both sides there are a number of mountains, forests, lakes. To fulfill requests and train their skills, the adventurers that live in Tsige head to those places.

It has been 2 days since Mio and Hibiki met.

Mio while still not knowing that Hibiki’s an otherworldler, she is being taught various knowledge about how to cook marine products by Hibiki. And Mio also visited numerous restaurants and passed her days eating things she has tasted for the first time. Right now she is accompanying Hibiki to her objective Tsige by Hibiki’s suggestion and so they are now walking along in the highway like this.

Hibiki has not revealed Mio her birthplace and that she is a hero. Hitting it off with Mio who wants to recreate food, she talks about the knowledge she has of food in her previous world.

The group of the Limia hero is travelling incognito while vigilant of their surroundings just in case, but because of the death of one of their comrades, they are fatigued in spirit so noticing that the conversations with Mio were a good diversion, all except the person herself, silently consented Mio accompanying them.

“I am sorry to interrupt in the middle of your conversation but, can you please give me a bit of your time?”

When Mio and Hibiki had begun conversing about cooking, the magician who was silently walking, Wudi, cuts into the conversation. Because from the few days accompanying them, he knows that when the two of them begin talking about cooking, they don’t finish for a long time. He thought that it was better to first digest the things that must be asked and the questions they had. His decision was the correct one.

“What is it Wudi?” (Hibiki)

“Make it short. Today I want to ask about drop-lid simmering-desu kara” (Mio)

“Of course, Mio-dono. This may be a late question but, just what in the world are you? A cook, an adventurer or a merchant? Even though you did quite the shopping in Koran, you are not holding anything. You also didn’t have a carriage. I haven’t heard of a spell that one person can use to store that many goods” (Wudi)

Mio isn’t that used to be called a cook. That also goes for being treated as a merchant and an adventurer. It’s like when throws away the world and lives long years of retirement, like a rich daughter secluded in her room. She gave off this aura that she is not used to this world yet.

Even so, she is traveling alone like this and has travelled from Tsige to Koran and she is accompanying them on the way back. For Wudi there’s something that doesn’t fit. He had some bad feeling.

“… I am a person who is currently interested in cooking and I have registered as an adventurer. Also, I am part of a company. If you ask me what am I, that is my only answer” (Mio)

“… What a jumbled personal history. You say you are an adventurer but, you are not forming a party with anyone?”

It was Bredda. While he consented travelling together with Mio, he is cautious of her. He didn’t go as far as thinking that the demon race has expanded their influence up to this point, but even so, as long as he is traveling while protecting the hero, his approach isn’t wrong.

“Yeah, because the levels don’t match or something like that. I actually wanted to party with Waka-sama, but since there’s too much difference and because he is right now far away. The person who is closest to my level is someone called Tomoe-san who is in the same company as me, but it is not on the level where we can form a party so… Ah, that’s right. I was originally a bodyguard of Waka-sama, so I am probably a bodyguard as well” (Mio)

With no malice or anything of the like, Mio answers Bredda’s question disinterested. Depending on the points of view, this could also be taken as feigning ignorance.

In truth, she really is not partying with anyone. The person she wants to party with, Makoto, is in level 1, and even the one who is the closest, Tomoe, is over level 1,300. Mio who is in level 1,500, isn’t able to party with anyone, so it can’t be helped.

“This may be rude but, what is the level of Mio-dono?”

“Sorry. Waka-sama has nailed onto me that I can’t tell other people my level without a reason, so I can’t answer. In exchange, I won’t ask for your levels, so please do forgive me” (Mio)

“Hey, Wudi, and also Bredda! This is not an interrogation, so let’s go with a more fun mood! We are doing a fast pace in the shortest route, but even so, she is still a person travelling with us!” (Hibiki)

Hating the fact that the mood was getting bad, Hibiki scolds her two companions.

The two of them apologize and obediently step back. It was not their intention to make the mood bad.

In the route from Tsige to Koran that Tomoe and Mio planned to advance through has a number of hyuman and demi-human settlements, a roundabout route that takes several days. In contrast, the one that the five of them are walking in right now is a slightly steep and certainly the shortest route, where the adults could use magic to assist them to get through it in a single day. On top of not being able to pass with a carriage, there are chances to encounter mamonos, but if you are an adventurer, this route is a choice. Taking into account the girl Chiya who has a questionable amount of stamina, this route would take them at least 2 days to reach Tsige.

“Hibiki, thank you. By the way, this is something I thought after the talk of level, but Hibiki and the others are reasonably strong-desu yo ne?” (Mio)

“… Well, I think we are able to put good fight” (Hibiki)

Bredda holds in his growing anger and Hibiki answers Mio’s question. That reply had emotion mixed and the faces of Hibiki’s party get slightly clouded.

“I see… I normally don’t do this, but I am accompanying you guys while being cautious of the surroundings. And it seems that something unusual is heading towards us-desu. Is it fine to leave it to you guys? Or do you want me to help you?” (Mio)

“Don’t joke around. I don’t feel anything” (Wudi)

“Yeah, I also don’t feel anything around…” (Chiya)

Wudi and Chiya refuted Mio’s words. The two magicians had a hostile perception spell they were expanding in shifts. Saying something like that, Chiya who was resting, expands the spell again but in the effective range there was no reaction.

“It is being expanded a bit wide so I can see why. Ah, there wasn’t the need to try perceiving it. See, there it is” (Mio)

Mio points out at the far mountain range.

“What… is that?”

“The wind is raging about?”

There, many trees were dancing in the sky. And the forest was visibly shaking.

The sound had not yet reached, but it was clear that something abnormal was occurring. And the abnormality was increasing its speed as it headed towards Hibiki and the others.

“Now do you understand-desu ka? And so, what will you do?” (Mio)

“Mio-san, do you know what that is?!” (Hibiki)

“You were able to perceive that… from this distance? Isn’t that impossible…” (Wudi)

“I am not really sure but… it is probably a bug type mamono that has mutated in the wasteland and has crossed the mountains. It happens from time to time-desu” (Mio)

Mio ignores Wudi and answers Hibiki’s question.

“A mamono from the wasteland?!”

Bredda was clearly agitated. Even though they were thinking about trying out the wasteland after preparing their equipment in Tsige, they didn’t expect that they would encounter a mamono before reaching the town.

In the time they were talking, from the forest, the mamono doesn’t change its direction and continues charging at them.

It will soon come in contact with the perception spell of the hero party.

“This is?!”

“Incredibly strong! And also big!”

“What are we going to do Hibiki?!”

“… Mio-san. The thing that is heading here… is it stronger than the black calamity spider?” (Hibiki)

“Eh, spider?” (Mio)

“Yes, a hungry spider monster. Don’t you know about it?” (Hibiki)

“I do know about it but… Well, if you ask me which one is stronger, I have to say the spider is stronger-desu ne. But, is there a need to compare them?” (Mio)

For Mio, the spider or in other words herself, hasn’t fought anyone seriously until meeting Makoto. That is to say, what’s the point of comparing strength when it wasn’t even clear?

Even so, there’s no doubt that if she compares herself before her pact (taking out the hunger) and fought with her original strength, there’s no doubt she would win against that thing charging at them. That’s why she answered Hibiki like that.

It isn’t wrong. But the difference between the spider Mio is taking into account and the one Hibiki uses as measure, is what will make Hibiki do an incorrect decision.

“That means we are enough. Everyone, we will be fighting so, prepare!” (Hibiki)

Hibiki unsheathes her sword. Matching this, the other three prepare their fighting stances.

(Ara, they are really doing it? Even though it is clearly stronger. This people, are they the type who die an early death when entering the wasteland? That’s troubling-wa ne. Well, if Hibiki seems to be in danger, I just have to save her so there no real problem-desu wa ne) (Mio)

“I see. Then I wish you good luck. If you think it gets bad, say so okay?” (Mio)

Practically at the same time as Mio says so, a strong wind is raised in the surroundings. She jumps gently and sits down on a tree branch a bit faraway while resting her chin on one hand.

There, something that had 4 legs extending from its abdomen, supporting its body and from its upper half there were two giant characteristic scythes in the place of its arms.

“A praying… mantis?” (Hibiki)

That’s right. Just like how Hibiki said, there was a giant monster there which was probably based on a praying mantis. Its height is over 3 meters.

Without even a single instant…

It did an action that clearly told that the objective of the praying mantis was not the hero party. It does a swipe with its giant scythes that scatters the obstacles and heads onto the hero party.

(Ara)

Seeing the horizontal swipe of those scythes that cut off the surrounding leafs in an instant, Mio notices something.

(I see. It’s a variation that was weakened and got possessed by a wind spirit. From its size, it most likely ate a lot after that. And so, because it was troubled by food, it crossed the mountains. It would normally be a case where an emergency request is made in Tsige and gets noisy) (Mio)

Mio is in a place outside the range of its attack and observes the praying mantis calmly.

She has done requests in the wasteland and has experience protecting adventurers she accompanies so she knows how to act in this situations.

Honestly speaking, taking into account the boost that Tsige has received because of Tomoe and Mio, Hibiki’s group is about third place in Mio’s eyes. She doesn’t know about their level, but considering their survival abilities and instant decision making, they are just one of those parties that has some skills and has somehow not been buried.

“Bredda!” (Hibiki)

“Roger!” (Bredda)

With Hibiki’s voice, Bredda takes a step forward and stops the scythe attack with a wide width sword and deviates it.

(Heh~, it is quite the well done defense. But well I have seen their weapons and I have to say, they have quite the poor equipment… Eh?!) (Mio)

Mio’s surprise.

That reason was Bredda. Mio instantly understood that his sword was already not in a state where it could be used properly, but maybe because Bredda still didn’t understand that, he was preparing himself to receive the other incoming scythe with his sword.

Moreover, it looked like he didn’t notice the difference in nature of the attack at all.

Seeing how low their observation ability is, Mio clicks her tongue. It seems like she was overestimating Hibiki and the others and has been left disappointed.

“Idiot! Evade it!” (Mio)

Without any other choice, Mio warns him.

“Eh?”

From Bredda’s look, it seems like he didn’t take heed of Mio’s words. The reason he let those words slip was because Hibiki was aiming for a counter.

Flash.

Bredda takes on the second attack of the praying mantis.

But the result will not be the same as last time.

The right scythe had passed through.

Bredda’s sword gets torn in two and without stopping, it cut through his left shoulder that was protected by metal like it was paper.

The heavy armor young man coughs fresh blood and falls face up.

His eyes were not filled with despair, but surprise. How pitiful that sight was.

But he is still not dead. The healing light of Chiya who is in charge of recovery envelops Bredda. Wudi’s aria doesn’t stop and the battle is just begin, or at least that’s how it was supposed to go.

“Bredda!! No… M-Mio-san, I am sorry but please!” (Hibiki)

Just like that.

Unrest runs through Wudi and Chiya.

Mio also gets surprised by the unexpected words. It’s true that Bredda suffered severe injuries, but he is still able to continue fighting. Or more like, if he doesn’t get up somehow, it is certain that everyone will die.

For her to change her thinking to running because of this, is way too fast.

Of course, there is no way for Mio to know this, but it was because Naval’s death had become a heavy trauma in Hibiki. Outside it looks like she had already gotten over it, but in reality it was far from that.

Actually, the slight escapism of Hibiki to her previous world had something to do with the cooking discussion she had with Mio.

The normal Hibiki, after seeing the ability of Mio in the beach, she would have answered her questions while asking her to have a bout with her. And yet, she answered all of Mio’s questions and just conversed about cooking. Because of the peaceful conversations, she must have unconsciously felt peace of mind.

For the mamono, the people’s circumstances are totally not its business.

Mio, while thinking about the unexpected request of reinforcement this early, moves at high speed to the vicinity of where Bredda is fallen.

“Hibiki, you have disappointed me. How pathetic. If you are weak, understand that you are weak and evade the danger. It’s a bother-desu. Those two over there, I leave the treatment of that knight to you” (Mio)

Hibiki’s shoulders make a big tremble.

“Geez. For a mere insect to think he is allowed to devastate the forest. How will you compensate if with this the number of mushrooms and fruits lower?” (Mio)

Beating its fang and making an obnoxious sound, the mamono didn’t show any signs of answering Mio’s question.

She stopped the swung scythe with her folding fan, no, not only that, she repelled it.

“Wa!”

“Eh?!”

“Die” (Mio)

She swipes her folding fan horizontally. She didn’t even pay attention to whose voice it was.

Mio easily cuts the praying mantis in two along with the forest behind it.

The mamono that had the upper half imitating that of a hyuman and the lower that was of an insect had separated.

“Done. With this you can even get raw materials from it right?” (Mio)

“…”

To not have words must refer to this kind of situations. That praying mantis was without doubt a strong one with clear presence and she defeated it like if she were taking care of a hoodlum in the road.

Even though she hasn’t sweated at all in the battle, Mio fans her face with her opened folding fan.

“Is the knight fine?” (Mio)

“Ah, ehm, yes. I think we will somehow be able to close the wound”

“I see. Then there won’t be any need to assist right? Hibiki, help in dismantling” (Mio)

“Mio-san!!” (Hibiki)

The distressed words of Hibiki didn’t reach in time.

Without any time to turn back, Mio’s back was slashed.

Losing her posture, Mio steps forward several times. There was no scream.

Flapping its wings at a speed that eyes couldn’t catch properly, it made its body hover.

“Mio…san?” (Hibiki)

“… Hey, Hibiki” (Mio)

The tone that was being directed at Hibiki was clearly low. Remotely different compared to the time at the beach.

If Makoto saw this he would raise his hands in surrender. That’s how dangerous the current anger of Mio is.

The praying mantis that had its body bisected, had gone mad and continued to slash at Mio’s back. But Mio was showing no signs of being affected. Of course, there was no blood and unlike the viciousness of the attacks, it was quite peaceful.

“Is my kimono loosening?” (Mio)

“… Uhm”

“It’s ragged, Mio-oneechan”

“… I see” (Mio)

Taking the place of Hibiki who was having troubles saying it, Chiya explains her the situation. Mio puts her folding fan in her bosom. She breathed deeply and exhales.

And then she turns and faces the praying mantis. There, a domain of two giant scythes were raging.

And yet…

Mio thrusts both of her arms without hesitation.

“You… inseeect!!” (Mio)

Grabbing the left scythe with one hand, she ties its other scythe whole with the darkness that was gushing out of her right palm.

Thinking that the darkness had gone into the praying mantis’ arm, the arm that was wrapped up in tight muscles had been instantly sliced into thousand pieces and fallen to the ground. Hibiki and the others gulp their breaths. The mamono makes a painful shriek.

But Mio doesn’t stop at just that.

With her open right hand, she firmly grabs the remaining scythe that was grabbed with her left.

And then, with Chiya’s scream in the background…

She cuts it into thousand pieces.

With the slender arms of a girl.

She does that to a mamono that is praised for its strong build.

To the prided arm that had a scythe.

Once again, an inhuman shriek reverberates around the surroundings.

Losing its lower body and its two arms…

The mamono had already noticed its own demise. But even so, it still tried to cling to life and with its flying ability that was still left, it tried to escape from the fight.

However, even that was not possible.

Mio’s right hand was still holding the mamono’s arm. Its left arm’s scythe was cut in thousand pieces and thrown away, but her right hand was still holding its arm.

Increasing the strength of its flapping, the praying mantis that had already lost its original form, created a gale while trying to escape.

“Shut up!” (Mio)

The giant body is send flying in the air in a form that it didn’t wish to. Mio had raised it with one hand. And just like that, she smashed it to the ground. The ground that had received the body of the mamono, showed a fissure.

“How dare you do that to the kimono Waka-sama praised!!” (Mio)

The lower body that was lying powerless and the upper body that was being smashed, were wrapped by darkness at the same time.

Even though it was darkness created by magic, a part of it makes you think it’s a living being. The wriggling darkness begins to expand and envelops that giant body, and after that, it slowly gets smaller.

In time, the darkness disappears in midair. There was nothing left.

“… Ah… Because I continue letting my guard down. Can the kimono be fixed?” (Mio)

Changing into a troubled face that one would even think it’s not the same person, Mio looks at the state of her back. However, Hibiki and the others had no words, and were only overwhelmed by the being that was on a whole different level.

“No good. As expected, this is not the time to be leisurely returning” (Mio)

Mio seems to be pondering about something.

(Mu, thought transmission? Is she talking to someone?)

Wudi who had left Bredda’s treatment to Chiya, goes to where Hibiki is and while confirming her state, he notices that Mio’s pondering look was because she was talking to someone and he had taken an interest in it.

In time, Mio faces in the direction of the three.

“I have decided to hurry and return to Tsige. I can’t just leave you behind so, please do forgive me” (Mio)

Darkness envelops the three.

A sound of powerless falling reverberates.

Mio who had taken away the consciousness of Hibiki and the others, confirms their state and once again connects the thought transmission.

(Tomoe, I have taken down everyone. I am counting on you to get us to Tsige-desu wa) (Mio)

(I am not a taxi-ja ga na) (Tomoe)

(Taxi? A word I still don’t know of huh. Didn’t I tell you that this has to do with my learning of Japanese food?) (Mio)

(Ah, that you did-ja na. Well, if it’s about that, I will cooperate. Is the gate of Tsige fine?) (Tomoe)

(Yeah) (Mio)

In the place where an intense fight had taken place, a number of presences disappeared.





Chapter 91 - Gossip – Mio, Cooking and Hero (3)


“Ara, you came”

At the interior of the counter, in a place where there is a workshop, a familiar voice is heard. Hibiki and the others notice that they have arrived to their objective.

They are at Tsige which is showing the most growth in this remote region, and moreover, in the Rembrandt Company that is riding on the momentum and growing with it. They are at a corner.

A darkish skin demi-human smiled at them gently from the counter and received them.

It’s the sub-branch of Kuzunoha Company in Tsige.

This company has already obtained a deep amount of stable customers and among the adventurers it is a store they admire.

It uses outstanding materials and in this town it is the place with the highest quality of equipment. Moreover, if one has the right amount of money, they even accept orders for improvements or original weapon creations. For equipment that will certainly last for a long time, not only the adventurers but the people who have occupations where they will encounter battles, rate this place highly.

Even so, there are a number of merchants at a corner lining up to buy medicine. Kuzunoha Company’s medications are famous for being more effective than those other unskillful magic medications and their sales are rising. There’s no doubt that it is doing well as a company.

Right now the armor orders are temporarily stopped, so in the place for armor orders, there’s no one. However, a number of adventurer-looking hyumans were there looking at the situation from the distance, so some people were anticipating that the orders will begin again.

Hibiki and her companions were transported to an inn in Tsige by Mio while they were unconscious. Mio gave detailed instructions to the landlady and left the inn. Hibiki’s group heard the situation from the landlady (several parts were altered) and devoted themselves to Bredda who was heavily injured, living several days there.

And so, today.

Because Bredda was able to walk normally now, they once again reunited and headed to Kuzunoha Company’s sub-branch where they were told they could contact Mio.

Hibiki’s group didn’t know about the gazes of inquisitiveness and envy that were being directed at them. It’s because they were envious of them having connections with Mio, but Hibiki’s group who don’t know about Kuzunoha Company and the status of Mio in this town, it is no surprise that they haven’t noticed.

When the Forest Oni clerk said “Sorry for making you wait”, a black haired girl they met a few days ago appeared.

“That knight, it seems he has healed already-desu ne. It’s great that it was nothing serious” (Mio)

“Yeah… That time you really aided us. From what I heard, you even lend a hand in healing. We thank you” (Bredda)

Bredda himself steps forward and thanks Mio. Mio glances at him and soon turns her gaze to Hibiki.

“I don’t mind-desu wa. I am used to protecting after all. And so Hibiki, it seems that your companion is in a good state but, do you have time?” (Mio)

“Yes. I heard from the landlady that you had business with me. So uhm… Is it about the fight with the mamono?” (Hibiki)

Hibiki’s expression is gloomy. Showing a pathetic appearance and being told that she was disappointed, had become a lingering discomfort inside her. For her, there were no past experiences where she has disappointed anyone and no experience in confronting her own weakness.

Coupled with the fight of the demon general that made her hold doubts about her strength, she who is a hero, hadn’t been able to digest this feeling inside her yet.

“Fight? Ah, I don’t really mind that. I just said this but, because of reasons, I am used to protecting people like you. Just think of it as being lucky-desu wa” (Mio)

However, Mio’s words totally negated Hibiki’s thoughts. From Mio’s point of view, the way back to Tsige had turned into protecting hyumans, that’s all.

“We were lucky…?” (Hibiki)

“Yeah, because you guys didn’t die. Moreover, I am not your companion nor your teacher and yet, why do I have to grade your fight and scold you?” (Mio)

Mio’s words implied that she didn’t care much about the life of Hibiki’s group. Those words stabbed Hibiki’s group.

“That is… then why did you save us?” (Hibiki)

“I told this to the landlady too but, Hibiki, it’s because I had business with you-desu. I still haven’t asked you about how to make Dashi from the marine products and dried fish after all” (Mio)

“D-Dashi is it?” (Hibiki)

“Yes” (Mio)

“Just because of that?” (Hibiki)

“? That’s right. If you know about ways to cook, it would be a pity to have you die. Just that. Now Hibiki, you have already taken care of your worries, so please give me some of your time” (Mio)

Without any concern, Mio just answers the words of the dazed Hibiki.

“Mio-dono, we are grateful for saving us, but we are unable to agree to your request. The reason we came here is to train and get good equipment. Sadly, we don’t have time to spare…” (Wudi)

Wudi opposes Mio’s proposal. Hibiki’s group came to Tsige because they were looking for an outstanding place to train. And also to find equipment that matches their skills. For the sake of the rematch with the demon general and also to overcome Stella Fort this time for certain. All of these actions are for that sake.

“Stop it. To be defeated by an enemy of that level and moreover for a party that has the decision making of a baby, stepping into the wasteland will just turn you into feed. Your levels may be high, but in that place that just makes you a child with big build. It’s impossible-desu” (Mio)

Mio rejects Wudi’s speech as if amazed. It wasn’t that she belittled them or scorned them. It was like she was really admonishing a kid.

“Even so! We have to get stronger! We don’t have the time!” (Hibiki)

Mio sighs at Hibiki’s intense words. Because she saw in her eyes the light of an adventurer hurrying to its death place, the characteristic eyes of a person with narrowed vision.

“I don’t understand. I thought you were adventurers who were a bit different, but do you have an objective that makes you hurry that much?” (Mio)

“That is…”

“But I want you to at least repay me for saving your life? Also, no matter how strong you are, do you intent to take such a small child to the wasteland?” (Mio)

“…”

“Silent-desu ka. To think you guys were more stupid than I thought. Hmph, even so, this is troubling. I also can’t back off after all…” (Mio)

“Mio-san, for a while we will be moving in the day. So how about I tag along with Mio-san at night?” (Hibiki)

“From how you said it, it feels like there might not even be that many days-desu wa ne. I see, what should I do…?” (Mio)

Hibiki and Mio converse across the counter.

There, one man cuts in. It’s a man that just like Mio, came from the interior of the store.

“Then, how about this?”

“N, Beren. Do you have an ingenious idea?” (Mio)

“It’s not to the point of calling it ingenious though. Mio-sama wants to ask about cooking to that lady there right? And if possible, learn the techniques as well” (Beren)

“Yeah” (Mio)

“And so, the group says they want to get stronger at the wasteland” (Beren)

“Yes. That’s the reason why we came” (Hibiki)

Aside from Hibiki who answered, the others also assent.

“I see, just like how Mio-sama said, if it continues like this, you guys will die in given time. Practically certain” (Beren)

“!!”

“Beren, don’t beat around the bush and just say it!” (Mio)

“Sorry for the discourtesy. If you are going to teach Mio-sama cooking, in regards of teaching her, I will also provide everyone with equipment that fits you in deferred payment. You can leave to the wasteland at that time. That way, until the equipment is done… let’s see, three days maybe. In that time it will be done. After that, you will continue teaching Mio-sama cooking at night. What do you think? Excuse me for my impoliteness, it is true that everyone’s equipment is reasonably good, but they seem to be quite damaged. To go to the wasteland like that is suicide” (Beren)

“… Can we be at peace by just changing the equipment?” (Mio)

“Then, how about having Toa and the others accompany them as well? If it’s Mio-sama’s request, they won’t refuse” (Beren)

“I see. If it’s them, as long as it is in the day there’s not much to worry. Beren, wasn’t it an ingenious idea after all?” (Mio)

“I am honored. And so, how about it?” (Beren)

The opinions of the people inside the counter had been arranged and the dwarf craftsman asks for the answer of Hibiki’s group.

“Three days huh. You can’t shorten that time?” (Bredda)

“I will be taking the measurements now so. It is a different story from just repairing. Three days is an incredibly short time that no matter what craftsmen you ask would concur” (Beren)

To Bredda’s question, the craftsman Beren answers politely. Inside him, he was amazed by the knight who didn’t understand smithing.

“What prove do we have that the accompanying adventurers can be trusted?” (Wudi)

It’s the magician Wudi. He was worried whether the people accompanying can be trusted. To have the adventurers you hired betray you, isn’t that unusual of a story. If a betrayal occurs in a dangerous place, it can even kill them all.

“Toa-dono is the person at the top of Tsige’s list. Her face is known and she is not the kind of person who would do unreasonable things. Her party’s average level is over 450 and its ability can soon be called high class” (Beren)

“450?!”

“Also, they are adventurers Mio-sama trusts. If you say there’s no way you can trust them, then at that time we would have to think of another way” (Beren)

“?!”

Wudi trembles at the gaze mixed with blood thirst that Beren released for a second. He felt like he wouldn’t hesitate to take unscrupulous means. To feel danger from a conversation about cooking is just unreasonable.

With a nod that one could take as consent, Wudi steps back.

“Hibiki, what will you do? I do think this proposal is advantageous for your party though?” (Beren)

“… I count on you” (Hibiki)

“Great! Then let’s begin the measuring as soon as possible. Beren, hurry. The first one will be Hibiki okay? After that, contact Toa and…” (Mio)

“Everyone, over here please” (Beren)

Being invited by Mio and Beren, Hibiki’s group disappears into the interior of the store.

Limia’s Hero began her restart in the borderland.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

This is the first time in Hibiki’s life that several months felt so short.

Now it feels nostalgic the times when they were surprised by the performance of the weapons Beren and the other elder dwarfs created.

From the adventurer party of the girl Toa they were presented to, they have learned the adventurer way of decision making and way of thinking. Toa who was filling the role as party leader, is the type who uses speed as weapon and while it is the same type as Hibiki, she uses a different method to take advantage of the enemy’s openings, and she was able to become a good sparring partner for Hibiki. Toa who thought of Hibiki as a person of her same trade, didn’t find the chance to show Hibiki her trump card and hidden skills. No one knows what the result would be if a real fight were to happen. At least Hibiki thinks that she doesn’t want to confront her.

Lately, Hibiki has not been increasing her level, however, her strength has clearly increased.

At first, Hibiki who was still dragging her trauma of losing her companion, splendidly lost in a spar with Toa who was close to her level. She already has experience, but this is the first time that Hibiki has lost to a hyuman so badly. By the way, she also sparred with Mio, but the result was a complete defeat. She practically didn’t let her do anything.

One time, late at night in the inn where she had expanded a barrier in case of intruders and was sleeping, there was a case when Mio had, not broken the barrier, but passed through it and woke her up. Hibiki who was struggling because she didn’t know what was happening, got easily subjugated and was dragged to the kitchen by Mio who had sparkling eyes, to teach her cooking.

There was a time when Hibiki who was particularly stuck to the idea of levels, didn’t understand why she lost to Toa who has a lower level than her, and had to ask.

“When I was in Zenno, I was like that. Well, aren’t levels just one of many indicators?” (Toa)

Is what Toa thought as she remembered the masked merchant.

“Having a high level is just proof that you have killed a lot. You shouldn’t feel strength from a number but with your body” (Mio)

This was said by Mio. It was slightly mixed with the masochism when she was controlled by hunger, but Hibiki didn’t notice it. She was only looking at Mio with admiration.

And that Mio who was being taught by Hibiki the way to make Dashi from dried fish and konbu, had the sparkling eyes of a child.

A companion that has the same black hair as her, and even if it’s only limited to cooking, she is able to talk to her about the knowledge of her previous world in a favorable light. As Hibiki was steadily conquering her trauma, she was at the same time growing dependent of Mio.

—

Tonight will be the last night her party will be staying in Tsige.

A repatriation order had been send by Limia.

At first, because they were being treated favorably by the dwarfs, Hibiki’s party were a target of envy, but being friends with Toa’s party and the mutual cooperation in the wasteland, and at the same time as Hibiki conquered her trauma, she slowly regained her disposition of attracting spirits and were slowly being accepted by the adventurers in this remote region.

That’s why tonight, a party was being held for the sake of her and her party, and a great number of adventurers were sad at their parting as they make a racket. There were some who decided to follow Hibiki’s party to Limia and there were others who had decided to fight alongside her.

Bredda and Wudi were dead drunk and in that state, they disappeared somewhere. Maybe they were kidnapped by women who were sad by their departure and wanted to pass a night of passion with them.

Chiya didn’t have adventurers who were the same age as her and felt left out, so she had a time when she was homesick, but because she hit it off with Toa’s sister Rinon, she was having fun in this party as she drank juice and in the end, the two of them happily went to sleep on the same bed.

And Hibiki…

Had left the tumult and was on top of the rampart that surrounds the town. It couldn’t compare to the modern sight of neon, but at her back there’s the lighted town of Tsige. At her front, there’s the gold highway. The place where the wealthy merchant Rembrandt and his butler saw off Misumi Makoto, is exactly this place.

She is not alone.

From the inner part leaning at the rampart, there is a woman looking at Hibiki. It’s Mio.

“I heard you have something to talk about? Is it something that you have to ask me to come all the way here for-desu no?” (Mio)

“… Yes. In that place where a party is being held, I just felt like the mood was not right” (Hibiki)

Hibiki who was looking at the highway, turns around.

“Make it short. Being in this kind of place at midnight can create unnecessary misunderstandings” (Mio)

“As always, when it isn’t related to cooking you are so cold, Mio-san. Understood, I have two things I want to convey” (Hibiki)

“…”

“First, Mio-san thank you very much” (Hibiki)

Hibiki lowers her head deeply and gives her thanks.

“If we didn’t meet Mio at Koran, I think we wouldn’t be alive. The wasteland was a lot harsher than we thought. The trigger was Horn running wild, but I am really glad that I met you Mio-san” (Hibiki)

“I also had an objective after all. There’s no need to thank me” (Mio)

(Also, the reason why that wolf called Horn attacked me was because he reacted to my smell. Through the end it seems these guys didn’t realize that I am the black spider they fought, but only that thing noticed it. There’s no helping it that he attacked me. Also, I have already “silenced” Horn, so there’s no need for me to tell her) (Mio)

Mio found out the reason the silver wolf attacked her. On top of that, she gave detailed instructions to Horn and had him unable to disclose anything to Hibiki and the others. Thinking about the conditions, that wolf wouldn’t disclose anything, is what Mio thought with peace of mind.

“I was surprised that you even had katanas, but the sword that Beren-san made is really incredible. Our meeting with him is also thanks to Mio, so please accept my thanks” (Hibiki)

Hibiki had her heart quite moved when she saw the katana at the elder dwarfs’ workshop. It is also because she originally practiced kendo. When she took it in her hands and unsheated it, she was dazzled by that beauty and gulped her breath.

But, Beren bluntly told Hibiki that she is not fit for a katana and cut off her longing eyes.

Beren who had seen her sword, had warned her that Hibiki’s sword technique didn’t fit katanas anymore.

“I can tell that the skills that lie in young lady’s body are originally techniques that handle single edged swords. However, the sword that young lady is swinging right now is clearly double-edged sword techniques. I don’t recommend the katana which also has a special method of maintenance. That’s my opinion as a person who recommends weapons” (Beren)

There was no mistake.

The way of using a sword that Hibiki had originally known was kendo and a bit of fencing. Apart from kendo which she continued in club activities, she also learned a bit of fencing, but because of reasons, she soon had to stop.

And so, when she came to this world, she had now settled with the real combat sword techniques of the now deceased Naval that are mixed with self-taught techniques as well as the way of fighting with the bastard sword. To use a katana now might be difficult, she herself knows that.

Accepting the warning obediently, Hibiki for the first time obtained a weapon that surpassed her abilities. Contrary to how it has been in the past, she had to train to be able to properly pull out the capabilities of the weapon. That sword which was mixed in with Beren’s playful side, is a sword that’s bigger than a bastard sword and its appearance is one that can compare to a big sword, but it was unexpectedly lighter than the sword Hibiki used.

If she accurately took into consideration its size, she is able to use it just like her previous sword. That Beren used the scythe Mio showed him nonchalantly as material is one of the secrets that have not been revealed to Hibiki.

Remembering that gratitude as well, Hibiki turns her gaze away from Mio and looks at the night sky.

“I think right now I am only able to bring out about half of the capabilities of this sword. Beren-san also said I still haven’t been able to bring out the trick to it and was disappointed. To leave before finishing a task, is honestly mortifying” (Hibiki)

“Not really. The current you can get proper training even without staying here. You probably will be able to use Beren’s creation in a near future” (Mio)

“I will do my best. And so, about the other thing I want to convey” (Hibiki)

Hibiki, unusual from her, was showing a look like she is having a hard time choosing her words. Having drunk and eaten enough and not having any urgent business, Mio just waits silently for Hibiki’s words.

“… Mio-san, could you please come together with us? In the end I wasn’t able to meet him, but I will definitely make sure not to show discourtesy to the company’s representative!” (Hibiki)

Hibiki has not met the Kuzunoha Company’s representative, Raidou. It is someone that comes in conversations at times and she has also heard stories from Toa. That mysterious merchant who seems to have skill, in the end didn’t return from stocking up and Hibiki and none of her companions have met him.

It’s just that it was clear that Mio, Beren and the people in the company admire him a lot and when they told Hibiki about Raidou, they showed extraordinary pride.

“I don’t want to-desu. I have Waka-sama after all. I told Hibiki too right?” (Mio)

Immediate answer.

“Then together with that Waka-sama. I will also prepare it so he can make a store there” (Hibiki)

“That’s also a no-desu. Didn’t I tell you that Waka-sama is currently busy?” (Mio)

There were no points where Hibiki could find compromise.

“… This is just an example but, if my wish concerned the world and you pulling back drags Mio-san’s important Waka-sama, and turns into a situation where your strength is necessary to cope with. Would you still say that?” (Hibiki)

I am a hero, through the end, Hibiki didn’t tell Mio. She deceived her by randomly telling her that her knowledge of cooking was learned from reading books. Of course, it is a lie that just by asking would soon crumble. But for Mio, the important part was the cooking knowledge and techniques and anything else was irrelevant.

It’s also because she was uneasy about revealing her position of hero to Toa and Mio, and changing their way of treating her. Being able to stay as a simple adventurer, this several months were fresh, and are really regretful times to part from.

“Not even worth discussing. I don’t care about the world at all-desu. What’s important is Waka-sama only. If it turns into a situation where a mere woman like me has to provide reinforcement to resolve, it means that Waka-sama can deal with it as well. Then I just need to stay at that grand person’s side, and put my life for him” (Mio)

“… No matter what?” (Hibiki)

“No matter what-desu wa” (Mio)

Hibiki thought about just revealing that she is a hero once and for all, but she soon threw away that thinking. Mio said she doesn’t care about the world. Then, even if she reveals that she is a hero that has been called to protect the hyuman society, it wouldn’t affect the negotiation.

(Just who in the world is this Waka-sama that Mio-san is so in love with? Toa-san also said that he is on a whole different level and made a wry smile after all. Could it be that guy and Mio’s group could even save the world?) (Hibiki)

The comment Hibiki thought jokingly might not be that much of a stupid one, is what she will think back in given time.

“… Fuh~. No matter what huh. I have been splendidly rejected” (Hibiki)

“If you are a person with the role of managing a party, you must know that having it easy and being comfortable is a minus. I don’t intend to follow the orders of anyone aside from Waka-sama” (Mio)

“Yes yes, thanks for all the sugar. This is all I wanted to convey. Then Mio-san, with this…” (Hibiki)

“Yeah, take care when returning” (Mio)

“Yes. Mio-san, please visit Limia when you have the chance. At that time I will remember more recipes” (Hibiki)

“Ara, this is the first appealing proposal you have made. I will keep it in mind” (Mio)

For the end, Hibiki did a deep bow and leaves.

That’s how the strange meeting of Mio and Hibiki had ended.





Chapter 92 - Makoto’s worries and unexpected rumors


The company is going well.

I think it is stupid that I didn’t think about it, but after opening there have been conspicuous resales and things like buying all the goods. It isn’t perfect, but I made some counter-measures.

Specifically speaking, things like limits on how many goods one can buy and “requests” for the people that want to resale.

It isn’t something that I can completely stop anyways, so giving up somewhat, I made a plan to the extent I can. Because doing the same thing repeatedly and going stale is just unproductive.

The lectures too… One might say, they are going well.

Since then, the students that were introduced by Brait-sensei some of them remained, and those that remained introduced the class to other students, so we succeeded in securing a fair amount of students.

… That only 5 people remained, well, it’s probably good like that. Having too many just makes it troublesome, yeah.

The 5 people are all scholarship students and have the nature of craving for power. Seeing it from a normal student perspective, my lectures didn’t fit their taste, but the highest percentage felt danger from it. It was probably not a very desirable lecture.

For the time being I am still accepting students, but I am not really expecting much. As for the students that remained I will do some light “experiments” without permission on a level where their health is not affected, and while at that, have them take the lectures.

Because I use a weakening [Sakai] in the practical skill area the whole lecture, it looks flashy but since it is not on a dangerous level, the academy side decided it was okay. Just as planned. What I was worried about was that the effect should weaken depending on the scope of the effect, but lately, maybe because I am getting used to it, the effect seems to have increased.

Currently, there haven’t been any interference from the teacher faction and it has been peaceful.

In short, the livelihood in Academy Town is going favorably.

And yet…

In the library I have been going to as a habit after my lectures, I find a book I am looking for and sit on a desk that’s slightly to the front of it, and just like that I fall prostrated.

A long sigh leaks from my mouth.

Right now, I am being cornered in a sense.

“To think that in this world the hyumans practiced polygamy” (Makoto)

A sacred system that was established by God, or so it seems. Yeah, God.

A monologue comes out from my mouth. Maybe because no one understands me, I feel like my monologues after coming to the Academy have increased. I don’t want them to look at me with strange eyes so I am trying to not do it that much though.

But, to think they practice polygamy. That bug, she really gets me every time. That total idiot.

It looks like a system convenient for men, but it is actually not the case. In my lack of imagination, I thought of the polygamy system as something like a harem. I was really naïve.

After looking at the hyuman society I have finally noticed.

This is not something like having as many wives you want and going “uhauha”, rather, it is more like the qualitative difference between modern Japan gets even worse.

People that have the most beauty and riches, in other words, the women gather onto the superior men and it isn’t like everyone can have a harem.

On the contrary, it increases the chances of males that can’t marry. Goddess, just how many terrible things do you have to do in order to be satisfied? There’s no need to screen them out that much.

Polygamy system is actually a really dream-like system for the majority of males.

Even so, it makes the chances of me marrying even lower, or not.

… It’s the opposite.

It has been several months since I come to this Academy but, maybe it was 2 weeks ago?

That I was confessed to.

For someone like Shiki, from the first day there were numerous girls that wanted to go out with him, but I just laughed as if someone else’s business and didn’t envy, nor soothe, or hear his complains.

At the time when my company had rode on the tracks and the Academy had somewhat approved of my abilities; well it is something recent though.

It began with a call that said a student had something to consult. It was a girl I have never seen in my lectures. In short, a student I have never met before.

“Is sensei already married?”

That was the beginning of my nightmare.

[I’m single. What about it?]

Of course, that’s how I responded.

I don’t know how it turned this way, but after that, the girl said this:

“Then after the third one, could you please marry me?”

The inside of my brain… became a complete mess. In my previous world, when I was confessed to by my kohai and my club friend, I didn’t feel anything like tension or excitement.

I was just dumbfounded. Because, even if a person I first met suddenly asks me to marry her, my feelings are zero. Also she said something about numbers. At that time, I didn’t understand the meaning.

To the female student that said something absurd with an unexpected serious face, I breathe out a sigh, knowing that it was rude.

[I am sorry, but I don’t have any intentions to]

I was somehow able to write that and left the place.

The next confession was that day at evening. No, instead of confession it was like the first one, a proposal.

And so, in the store, outside, inside the Academy; without caring about the place, they called me and if it gets bad they make a marriage proposal right there.

Moreover, there’s always the “please make me your wife number X”. However, in the X number, it is always a number that’s not number 1. They were mostly 3 to 5.

Polygamy. Really the worst.

I have a business and have a decent amount of money as well as having fair amount of ability. Then they ignore my face and just suggest to be the number 2 wife and on to gold dig. That’s probably how it goes. Just their objective of having me support them is cruel and yet, it feels like they might even bring out something like rebuilding their home and have all of my money taken. There were girls who had some transparent ulterior motive like that.

Leaving the love and raising the child to the number 1 or 2, they aim to do nothing at all.

In truth, that’s just how it is.

There was once when a girl who had an appearance that was truly to my taste came wearing a white robe and, I couldn’t tell if she was demanding research expenses or proposing marriage, but when she did, I said jokingly:

[If you become my number 1, I will marry and give you as much money as you want]

And when I said that, not only did she show me an expression of incredible disgust, she also said:

“No thanks!”

As if her life was at stake, and ran away as fast as she could.

I have been confessed as if looking down on me several times, but that one really got me.

… Really, I give up. It isn’t popularity, I am just being locked on as prey. It was a lot easier when they just didn’t treat me like a human being. The way they are now makes it hard for my spirit.

In the library there haven’t been those kind of developments, but it is just a matter of time.

Now that I think about it, why is it that the library is a safe zone?

Do they have some sort of rule? Or is someone keeping them in check? No matter which, I am grateful.

I raise my head and hold the book in my hands. Now then, let’s study today as well.

Today I don’t need to go to the store. At first I was doing business with no breaks, but most of the stores normally have a 1 or 2 days break. We even work till late, so thinking that it would be okay to have regular holidays, I made it so in a day when I have lectures it will be a free day.

The small one of the Forest Onis said “Gloria~~!!” and raised her hands in the sky. That girl is someone I still don’t understand well.

“Ara, today is a book about religion? Raidou-sensei really reads books of many different types. Magic, combat, history, geography, customs, also demi-humans… The ones I haven’t seen you reading are probably tales, math and biography”

[Eva-san huh. If you suddenly talk to me like that, it will scare me. Also, do you remember every book someone like me reads?]

“Yeah. I am interested in Raidou-sensei after all” (Eva)

The librarian Eva-san smiles teasingly.

[Please give me a break. You won’t be coming to ask me for marriage as well right?]

“… Ah, so the reason of your fatigue was that. Superficial love. It seems like there are many girls that want to marry. I sympathize with you sensei” (Eva)

[Right now this is the only place in the Academy that can bring me peace. Concerned about my appearance and after my popularity increased they now want to suck on the sweet nectar. Geez, just what do they take marriage for?]

“Well, here the number of students that are nobles or have a big mercantile house is not small, so there are a lot of students that don’t think of marriage as mutual love” (Eva)

Changing her smile to a wry one, Eva-san answers to my resent. Maybe she has experience herself, Evan-san doesn’t answer in an intellectual way, but in a way that feels like she has some basis. I like when it is easy to understand.

[Political marriage huh. To have such a way of thinking at their teens. Is that normal for nobles and rich people?]

“… It’s just that some will reach that way of thinking faster than others. Is one way of taking it” (Eva)

[I think that a marriage where feelings of love exist is not bad though]

It is not that it isn’t bad. I really think that’s how a marriage should be. Something that connects the people that marry.

“Raidou-sensei is i-, no, pure huh. Since small, no matter who, they would put marriage as like and dislike but… as expected, when one grows up they take into account the feelings as well as advantages and disadvantages. Of course, it is not like it can be put into words nor can be defined with a set definition” (Eva)

Hearing the talk of Eva-san, I remember the voice I heard in my head the first time I met her. Now that I think about it, it resembled the voice of her. That time I didn’t link the contents with anything dangerous, so I wasn’t sure nor did I take it in mind but…

Maybe she also has some sort of ulterior motive for being considerate with me. If that’s the case, then it is a bit sad.

[Then what is Eva-san’s meaning of the word adult love and the feelings that it contains?]

“… Let’s see. In times it is a material for bargaining. If I say something like that, will sensei be disappointed in me?” (Eva)

[Who knows. However, I am not in the mood of reading anymore. For today I will be going]

A material for bargaining huh. Unexpected. Words that didn’t connect to the word love at all. To have heard such a thing from a person who doesn’t match that image is just… shocking.

I give her the book I was planning to read and leave the library.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

[And so Gin, what did you want to talk about?]

After leaving the Academy, I was caught by one student.

The owner of the voice that stopped me is a male.

It’s the male swordsman that has been attending since the first lecture without missing one. He uses magic and seems to have been especially impressed by the style of Shiki, and while learning foundation techniques, there are times when he requests spars with Shiki.

From the five, I just remember the swordsman Gin that has been attending since the first day and the bow-wielding girl Amelia.

Gin uses the sword as main and magic as support in battle, but Amelia uses magic as main and bow as support. I still can’t say much, but well, the two of them show promise. Amelia does have desires for power, but more than that, she is in love with Shiki. Maybe she is changing the power of a woman in love into learning power, she is fast at memorizing and improvement.

Well, since I was called by a student I know of, I decided to just take lunch with him.

By the way, Amelia seems to have aesthetics in the afternoon.

Aesthetics.

When I heard this word for the first time in the Academy, my eyes went wide.

After asking in detail and researching in the library, it seems that aesthetics is a concept that was brought about by the Goddess. An institution for the sake of pursuing beauty and spreading it.

Before spreading such stupid things, there should be techniques that need to be taught to hyumans or something like that. I was truly amazed. Because of that reason, there are names of cosmetics I have heard about before and there were times when I was asked if my company also handles cosmetic products.

Currently I don’t manage those and I have no plans to do so in the future though. Things like lipstick and powder are stuff that Tomoe might suggest and I don’t want that. In the current state, she is already making Asora pass through so much hardship after all.

Well, for now let’s leave aside the topic of Amelia, aesthetics and cosmetics. Honestly, I don’t even have the energy to retort.

I wavered, but in the end I decided on Gotetsu.

I haven’t visited as frequently as Shiki. Even so, the taste is to my liking and since I am used to coming here, it is relaxing. Gin seems to have come here for the first time and was looking at the store interior with curiosity and smelling the scent of the food.

Asking for a private room at the inner part of Gotetsu, we both enter and take our sits.

“Ah that’s right. Sensei comes from Tsige right?” (Gin)

[Yeah]

“Actually there are two students that were attending this Academy and are currently absent” (Gin)

[Fumu, continue]

“They are not scholarship students, but they have quite the skills and are promising” (Gin)

[If they are promising, why are they absent?]

“It seems that they are ill” (Gin)

N, ill? Since Tsige, these are the first ill people. Students… and their age.

Could it be…?

[Could it be, are you talking about Rembrandt’s daughters?]

“… So you already knew huh. I heard that Rembrandt Company has quite the influence in Tsige, so I thought you might know” (Gin)

[But what about it?]

“I don’t know if they were truly ill, but it seems like they will be returning to the Academy soon. And so, I was thinking about warning Sensei” (Gin)

[Warning? Also Gin, even though school friends are returning to school, you don’t seem happy]

“You see… Sensei probably doesn’t know but, those sisters are…” (Gin)

[If you are warning me, make yourself clear]

Why is it getting hard for him to say it? What is he trying to tell me?

“… Their personalities are the worst. They are the archetype rich girls and are particular about beauty. And they have good grades too, so that makes their personality even worse” (Gin)

…

….. Eh?

Those girls had that kind of personality? No well, didn’t they give more of a fleeting feeling?

No, wait a second.

Now that he mentions it, there have been no moments where I have exchanged words with those girls properly. *“Run away” is the only thing I was told*.

Even if you talk about beauty or whatever, taking into account the wife, the three of them were monsters.

Since Rembrandt-san is a good person, I thought that her wife and daughters were good people as well.

Rich ladies and have a bad personality? Are you serious?

“It seems you didn’t know. No well, lately Sensei has been targeted right? From the girls around” (Gin)

Maybe he took my silence as affirmation, Gin felt sympathy for me.

[Don’t say it. It makes my head hurt]

“When they return to school, it is better to not get their attention. The two of them are incredibly particular about physical appearance so it might be okay, but just in case. It’s just, if they have their eyes on Shiki-san, it might impede the lectures. Really, be careful okay? Ah, this thing called Nabe is delicious. I didn’t know about it~” (Gin)

…

I feel like he indirectly told me something rude. Also, I feel like he is actually worried about Shiki.

[Understood. I will tell Shiki as well]

“Thank you very much! Is this place your favorite Sensei? How tasteful~. Can I come here as well?” (Gin)

[Do what you want. Ah right. Shiki also comes here quite often. Since we are already here, how about I order you his favorite?]

“Is that okay?! I’ll eat! Eh? And Sensei?” (Gin)

[I remembered I had something to do. Just take it easy]

After ordering the cream Nabe on my way back and finishing my revenge for his rudeness, I winced as the seeds of troubles increased while I leave the store.

But, the Rembrandt daughters are ill-natured?

Are they really? Seeing Rembrandt-shi’s stupid manners, I could tell that they were truly loved daughters so I didn’t doubt it. Is he the type of person that no matter how the daughter acts he will still think of them as cute?

Well, if they are really going to be returning to the Academy soon, it will be clear at that time.

After being proposed twice on my way back, I arrived at my store.





Chapter 93 - Our home


I have heard a worrying story about the Rembrandt sisters’ personality.

I have confirmed it with a number of people, but the reputation of those girls is not good in general.

I am one of the people staying in Academy Town that’s why I can’t go ask directly, so I asked Tomoe and Mio as well as the eldwa managing the sub-branch, Beren, to investigate in Tsige.

This was recent.

And so today, since there were various reports arranged, Tomoe asked me to return to Asora and decide on a place to meet.

… Actually, recently I haven’t stayed in Asora for long. No, honestly speaking, none. The most would be the occasional times I go to shoot the bow.

It’s not like I have gotten into a fight with anyone. There was a more simple reason.

“Shiki, can we go now?” (Makoto)

Even if I am trying to evade it, I still have business there so I have no choice. That’s why Shiki and I are returning.

“Yeah, it is fine. I have already arranged the reports on our side. It should be okay to leave the business to Lime” (Shiki)

“… Wait, you intent to open?” (Makoto)

It makes me uneasy, so maybe we should just make it a break.

“It isn’t a regular holiday and it hasn’t been that long since we opened the store, so I think it isn’t that recommended to close arbitrarily. I have ordered them to put on wait any business offers, so there’s no need to worry” (Shiki)

I am leaving a lot of the handling of the store to Shiki after all. I feel some sort of dignity there.

“If Chief Shiki says so, I will believe. Then… let’s go” (Makoto)

Without waiting for his answer, I open a mist gate.

While holding a melancholic feeling, I return to the Asora I missed.

Suddenly, I feel a thick smell and heat.

Just by being there I was beginning to sweat, and the warm and damp air enters my lungs.

That’s right, the climate of Asora that was unstable has recently been stabilized in a high temperature tropic climate.

How discomforting. It is hot and humid, and there’s no sight of rain. I’m not really sure if there are, but this makes me feel like there are tropical rain forests out there.

If it were on the level of everlasting summer it would be bearable, but this one easily surpassed the summer in Japan and it was on the level of murder.

This is the reason why I haven’t visited Asora recently. I mean, it is really harsh you know!

I thought it would soon change its climate again, but there is no signs of it changing. At this rate, won’t the agriculture be affected?

I ordered Tomoe to investigate and she told me that she has gotten to the stage where the report is in order, but she will certainly come with a proposition which has high experimental rate. Well, for now this heat hasn’t affected the area that much.

“It’s hot as usual” (Makoto)

“Yeah. The Academy seems to be in spring and it is easy to live in, so it makes this place feel even hotter” (Shiki)

“Even though you say that, you have a refreshing expression though, Shiki” (Makoto)

“I don’t mind heat that much after all. Raido- I mean, Waka-sama” (Shiki)

“… In this place I don’t really mind which way you call me you know?” (Makoto)

“Mio-dono… doesn’t seem to like you being called Raidou-sama that much so…” (Shiki)

While making a wry smile, Shiki scratches his cheek. He is worrying about the small details huh.

I just nod lightly and, shaking the air coiling around me, enter my home.

It is even night and it is still this hot. Seriously, what is going on?

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

“Waka-sama, welcome back!”

When I open the door of the hall where Tomoe and I decided the meeting to be, a big amount of voices suddenly welcomed me!

That scared me! My heart is beating like crazy you know?! What, just what is happening?!

With my mouth still open, I look inside the room and there I saw the residents of Asora gathered.

Doesn’t this look like… everyone is here?

Surrounding a big table, all of them were gathered without care for the race.

Was there such a crazy big table like this? No, there wasn’t. That means it was recently made. Using an incredible trunk of a tree just like that, they… Eh?

Isn’t it way too big? A table that can easily take more than a 100 people easily, just what kind of giant tree is that? Did they cut a world tree or something?

Also, this hall. The house was on the big side, but even so, it wasn’t this wide. With this, it isn’t a hall made for meetings, this is more like the halls aristocrats use to do their parties!

With surprise still showing in my face, I shake my head to the sides and check the situation. Everyone is looking at me with smiles in their faces.

And then, Tomoe and Mio as well as Ema come to where I am.

… That Tomoe, she is showing a face like her surprise was a total success.

Damn it, why is she so happy about tricking Shiki and me?

“… Shiki, are you okay?” (Makoto)

“Yes, Waka-sama” (Shiki)

…

He doesn’t show any signs of being agitated. The retainer that has been the longest time with me recently. Not only that, he is smiling.

Eh?

Eh, eh?

“Welcome back, Waka” (Tomoe)

“Welcome back, Waka-sama” (Mio)

When they are in a close distance, Tomoe and Mio welcome me once again. Ema was one step away and lowering her head.

“A, yeah. I am back” (Makoto)

While still confused, I answer with “I am back”.

“Good work, Shiki. Just like planned, it seems like Waka didn’t notice anything” (Tomoe)

Tomoe grins while talking to Shiki across me.

“Waka-sama, I am sorry. Tomoe-san said she wanted to do a surprise no matter what so… Lately, you haven’t come here at all, so please just think of this as a cute prank” (Mio)

Even Mio.

…

Shiki, you too huh. You were also involved in this.

Aaah!

Geez! They got me!

“Haaah~ you really did surprise me. I am back! Also, I am sorry for not coming back often!” (Makoto)

“Well, Waka seems to not be used to heat that much so I understand how you feel. Everyone wants you to return a little bit more often. Then, this” (Tomoe)

Tomoe gives me a glass. It has a characteristic scent. Alcohol huh. A night party, I don’t really mind. It’s a substance with pink color. If I remember correctly, this is a Sake that’s made by some sort of fruit and sold well in Tsige.

Everyone’s gazes gather on me and all of them contain expectation. Ah, I see. This being a dinner party and me, the leading person, holding a glass means that huh.

“CHEERS!!” (Makoto)

I lift the glass high and announce the cheers. From several places, the sound of glass hitting resonates.

“It’s been so long right? Tomoe, Mio. Also Ema” (Makoto)

Before I noticed, Mio was holding a plate of food with the hand that’s not occupied by the glass. Wah, so fast. But the party has begun, so it isn’t bad to have as much fun as you can.

“Seriously-desu zo. Asking us to investigate while you go to the Academy, only minding about children and business” (Tomoe)

“Everyone missed you. Waka-sama, please come back to Asora more often. I beg of you” (Ema)

It’s from Tomoe and Ema. Well, I receive the obvious scolding. If it were just hot it would be one thing, but I simply can’t handle the humid sensation that coils around too well. When I don’t have business I don’t really want to do it that much, but I really should return to Asora a bit more.

My knowledge gathering in the Academy is going well too and there is no point in learning this world’s knowledge and common sense completely. It isn’t like I knew all about my place of origin Japan after all.

When I gain the basic common sense and knowledge, I should move to the next step. Knowledge is gained to be used after all. Actually, I am able to playback my memories in Asora and I am clearly reading more than I did in my previous world.

I feel a bit bad about copying all the contents of the library just by reading, but it isn’t like I am selling them so please forgive me, is what I use as an excuse. I am a small being.

However, I am a bit worried about how little Mio has talked. She spoke with me a while ago, so I don’t think she is in a dangerous state. I was actually prepared to accompany her in all her talking.

“U-Uhm. If you want, please accept this” (Mio)

And when I thought that, Mio encouraged me to take the plate of food in her hands. T-To bring food for others. Maybe it was because she has been influenced by the adventurers and the people of town? That’s admirable Mio!

“Mio, thank you. Heh~ it looks like what I have eaten in Tsige. Un, the flavor is thicker than in Tsige and suits my taste. It’s really delicious” (Makoto)

It’s like the improved version of the food of Tsige that I was thinking would be better if its taste was thicker. The details are subtly different, but it is probably made by someone from the sub-branch who took an interest in the cooking of Tsige.

I see. Just like this, there’s also the pattern of Tsige influencing the culture of Asora. It is a happy happening to be able to eat the food of that town. I have been in Academy Town so I haven’t eaten the cooking of Tsige for a while.

“N, what’s wrong? Mio, you were the one who brought it, so you eat as well” (Makoto)

“….”

Even when she recommended the food, Mio looks like she is enduring something and closing her eyes in silence. What? Today Mio is really weird.

“Mio?” (Makoto)

“Ahahaha! Waka, Mio is overcome with emotions!” (Tomoe)

“Tomoe… overcome with emotions?” (Makoto)

“That’s right. What Waka ate was actually something Mio made” (Tomoe)

W-What?!

“Made?! Mio did?!” (Makoto)

“Yeah. It seems that she has awakened to cooking lately. She lowered her head to the cooks in Tsige and is learning cooking from them. Also, she is cooperating in reproducing Japanese food. Sadly, we didn’t make it in time for this occasion. The food over there is practically all made by Mio with all her heart” (Tomoe)

Being told that, I once again look at the food spread on the table. Large plates filled with food, fruits beautifully cut up, soup in pots…

This… was made by Mio.

… Isn’t that impressive?

Even if she awakened to cooking, it has only been a few months.

If you ask me about what food I could cook with that amount of time… Ah, it would be the time when I messed up the water in the rice cooker and it became a big uproar. A past I want to forget.

I am totally in despair about the difference in learning capabilities. And at the same time, I am honestly impressed by how amazing Mio is.

To be able to reproduce the food she ate in the stores in such a short period of time.

“Mio, you are incredible. It was really delicious” (Makoto)

I tell her my honest feelings.

Mio trembles for a second and slowly opens her closed eyes. Her face was filled with satisfaction.

“Waka-sama, to think that cooking was such a wonderful thing. I didn’t know” (Mio)

“Eh? Weren’t you practicing for a while now? Also, you were practicing because you liked it right?” (Makoto)

“… No, I didn’t understand. And today, I have learned true happiness” (Mio)

“… I see” (Makoto)

“Yes! Waka-sama, next time I will prepare something even more delicious! That’s right, more, more-desu!” (Mio)

Suddenly making a proclamation, I thought that Mio was going to head to the food in the table, but she actually went the opposite way and left the hall.

W-What happened?

“Yareyare, that Mio. Looking at her like that, she probably intents to ignore the report meetings that are to come-ja na. Well, aside from the ingredient reports, she only has a few cases in Tsige that I already know of, so it shouldn’t pose any problems” (Tomoe)

“Tomoe, uhm, Mio is…?” (Makoto)

“Probably in Tsige. Right now, it seems like an adventurer with rare cooking techniques is there. It seems like in exchange of learning cooking from that person, Mio is taking care of a lot of difficulties for her. I pity her, looking at Mio’s state, she will probably be dragged into an all-nighter” (Tomoe)

What a nuisance she is being. Even though cooking is like an odd job technique for adventurers. Well, Mio is looking after a lot of problems so it should prove as beneficial for her principal occupation. Well, there’s no need to worry huh. It seems like she is engrossed in cooking, so I don’t have to worry about her injuring that adventurer.

“Well, it is good that she is satisfied” (Makoto)

“Thank you for your lenient words. Then, there are A LOT of people that have been wanting to meet Waka, so let’s go together. The meeting can be done later. Ah, I don’t mind you drinking sake, but please try not to get drunk. Shiki, and master as well” (Tomoe)

“Looks like it will be a long night huh” (Makoto)

“I will restrain from Sake. I feel like it would affect my actions in tonight’s report meeting after all” (Shiki)

“Shiki is really uptight-ja no. I won’t say it is bad, but you are being too stiff. I think it would be nice to have a bit of alcohol in your system. Ah that’s right, since we have the chance, let’s have food brought into the room of Waka where we will be holding the meeting. Ema, can I leave this to you?” (Tomoe)

“Yes. I will have it done. Everyone seems to be so happy to see Waka-sama after a long time. Today’s drinks seems to be quite a lot, so there will probably be people who will be dead drunk soon. I will gather people and have them prepare to nurse” (Ema)

Ema lively gives orders as she disappears into the crowd. Even if she looks like that, she is the type that likes Sake. We have made her take on a hard task. I will have tell someone to bring her food and Sake later.

Anyways, that Tomoe. I thought this at the time of Lime as well but, this girl, she really acts like a rogue. To drink while deciding our plans huh. Since it is like this, I feel like I will hear good news but…

“Now now, Waka. From the eldwas first, in order. They can’t wait anymore. They have been doing their best. Do reward them please” (Tomoe)

“Yeah, I understand” (Makoto)

No objections here. Everyone is really doing their best. I haven’t been coming that often, but I understand plenty enough.

There’s no need for Tomoe to tell me. If I am enough, I want to go to the places of everyone and give them my thanks.

Along with Tomoe and Shiki, I head to the residents who have made a line and waiting for me.





Chapter 94 - Late night report


“You guys may be tired, but we will begin the report. Is that okay, Waka?” (Tomoe)

“Yeah, of course. I’m counting on you okay?” (Makoto)

The party is still continuing with a number of heavy drinkers. Most of them went down already or were satisfied. The ones left are those that stay till morning.

We also tasted the fun of the party plenty enough and are now back in my room.

When we returned to my room, there was a decent amount of food and sake and also water. It felt like a night snack.

In that room of mine, the important report began.

“Then, first of all, there is one thing that might be important. Regarding the investigation Waka asked me about the battle region” (Tomoe)

“Ah, how was it? What do you mean by it might be important?” (Makoto)

Things like Sofia and Lancer’s tracks and the ring that can seal the Goddess’ powers. Places that can become some sort of hint. What did she understand?

“In the middle of my investigation, I encountered the hero” (Tomoe)

“H-Hero?!” (Makoto)

The hero as in the people that got kidnapped by the Goddess, the other earthlings aside from me?!

“Yeah. The one I met was the Gritonia Empire’s Hero. The one called Iwahashi Tomoki. From what I saw, he was about the same age as Waka” (Tomoe)

“Gritonia? Eh, Tomoe, weren’t you supposed to be in Limia?” (Makoto)

Even if they are adjacent, they are fellow major powers. The place where Tomoe went was a place close to the capital of Limia, so if there were people from Gritonia, there must be a reason for it.

“He was probably planning something unpleasant. Also, how to say it, he was trash. Well, since Waka was in Academy Town and I judged that he wouldn’t be any danger, I just ignored him though” (Tomoe)

… I am hearing a report about the current hero right?

“It seems like the Gritonia hero is one that is attached to greed. After the battle with the demons, he probably intents to wage a war between hyumans. Also, the princess that was accompanying him…” (Tomoe)

“Wait. Princess? Are you telling me the princess was moving together with the Gritonia hero?” (Makoto)

“Yes. Looking at that, I think they are quite close to each other. Just that part, I want Waka to learn from” (Tomoe)

Meaning that he placed his hands on the princess? The princess of a major power? He is quite free that Iwahashi guy.

Also, he is close to my age. Being told that one of the heroes is a person close to my age makes me feel happy but at the same time it doesn’t. It’s a complicated sensation.

“And?” (Makoto)

Leaving it as if I never heard her comment about learning from him, I push her to continue.

“… The princess’ thoughts were surfacing out. There was the word “gun” mentioned. There was also the image of gunpowder, so there’s the chance she is trying to make guns” (Tomoe)

“Guns?! It is obvious that it is completely below the magic here. Then, what is her objective?” (Makoto)

I don’t see any merits of spreading guns in a world where magic defense can easily defend against. Even more if it is a major power.

And it is Gritonia, one of the countries which holds the most influence in hyumans. What is she trying to do? It will only lengthen the war unnecessarily you know?

No good. I can’t get the reason Gritonia is trying to make guns. In the war against the demons, it would be safe to say that guns are totally useless. It may vary depending on how one uses it, but for the hyuman army that holds simple thought patterns like increasing attack power by leveling up, I really don’t think they would be able to use it effectively against the demons who are said to be several generations ahead in strategy.

There’s only one thing I understand. It is bad. No matter how stupid it sounds, as long as it’s the princess of a military country that is developing it, there should be some sort of objective behind it. There’s no doubt that the gun development doesn’t involve peace.

There’s the possibility that it will be used for fights between hyumans. If small guns are made, it will probably have uses in assassination missions. If it is arranged properly, there’s the chance that it won’t be recognized as a weapon.

Gritonia Hero. His name was Iwahashi something. Why did you teach the hyumans of this world about guns?

“I don’t know the details. Honestly speaking, they are quite the unpleasant bunch. Not only looking at their memories, I actually wanted to secretly kill them without telling Waka. But after thinking it through, I held back and decided to wait for your decision” (Tomoe)

“Then, you didn’t fight them right? I am sorry, but I want to meet them at least once before deciding” (Makoto)

Iwahashi Tomoki huh. Including the Empire, I am a bit interested.

About the guns, if possible I want to destroy them before they come out to light. Because having weapons from my previous world spreading around here and probably bringing about death, I just don’t like it.

Of course, since it is a major power, I would have to make a plan for the sake of the future. And then, I will have to make sure of the reason of why they are trying to develop something like guns. If not handled properly, there’s the possibility of similar things being created one after the other.

This… feels like it will be troublesome.

“As you will. Next, about the Goddess power and the information about the dragon killer. There was practically none. Just in case, I checked the bottom of the lake as well” (Tomoe)

“I see. Good work. What about information of me?” (Makoto)

The important part didn’t have much progress huh. Just in case, I try asking Tomoe about information of me.

That time, demons and hyumans saw me after all. I want to know what kind of situation it has turned into in Limia.

“… About Waka, there was no information around. It seems there was someone rampaging right after that, so the rumors were all over that story” (Tomoe)

For a moment she seemed like she was pondering about something, and after Tomoe looked like she arranged her thoughts, she continued talking.

“Oh, rampaging? Just what happened?” (Makoto)

It is good the information of me faded and disappeared, but it sounds like a dangerous story.

“I wasn’t able to pick up a detailed image from the ones who survived, but it seems like someone threw an attack so strong that it created a lake and made the fight stop” (Tomoe)

“Created… a lake?” (Makoto)

“Yeah. Involving several rivers in the area, a quite big lake was created” (Tomoe)

“What is with that monster?! Isn’t its nature worse than Sofia’s? Isn’t there the chance that it was something the Goddess did?” (Makoto)

“Pfft!” (Tomoe)

Why do you laugh?

“Tomoe?” (Makoto)

“No, sorry about that. About that “thing”, there’s several testimonies about its appearance and it is shrouded in mystery. I could only tell that it is being called the “Devil”” (Tomoe)

Even though I was flashily fighting with Sofia and Lancer and my face was seen by a decent amount of demons. Was there a person there who didn’t have any particular figure and was able to finish the fight in one attack?

… I’m glad I was able to come back alive.

“Devil huh. To think such a monster was in that battlefield. In that case, more the reason to increase my abilities or it will be dangerous. Shiki, you may be busy as well but, don’t go missing training ok?” (Makoto)

“Y-Yes! Of course, Waka-sama!” (Shiki)

What? He is strangely humble. The surprise is already over, so he should just act normally.

“Y-You are right. Thanks to the Devil, the investigation is proving difficult and the tool that’s said to seal the Goddess powers is currently hard to say anything. About the thought transmission, I have obtained favorable information and I am planning on going faraway tomorrow on” (Tomoe)

“Favorable information?” (Makoto)

“It’s information from the demons. It seems like the demon race has obtained a ground-breaking notion of the thought transmission and are using something like a secret transmission, a special sort of thought transmission. I think it will serve as a hint for the improvement of the thought transmission that Waka was looking for. Well, my gatherings are till this point” (Tomoe)

“Heh~, it is certainly a point of interest. A special thought transmission huh. Tte Tomoe. There’s not only that right? What about Lime, Tsige and the Rembrandt sisters?!” (Makoto)

“Ah, that huh. About the spy, in hyuman towns like Tsige it is easier to use a hyuman to gather information. After giving Lime his weapon, I checked how he was and thought that he was useful, so I made him the spy number 1 that’s all. About the recent investigation of the Rembrandt sisters that Waka asked for, it seems like they don’t walk outside that much, so I couldn’t get much. There was also the case of them being ill, making the information less. I thought about just asking their parents to save time, but I only listened to them boasting about their daughters. Even when I tried to look at their memories, there was only sparkles and beautified moments, so I just couldn’t take it. And so, the authenticity of the information is unknown. Well, you are going to be meeting them, so isn’t it fine to just wait for then? Just for two hyuman girls. I don’t think they will pose any problems” (Tomoe)

So there’s no information because they were ill and didn’t come out often huh. Even when I confirmed in detail with Tomoe, she hasn’t even heard about the sisters’ bad reputation.

Maybe because they are close to their parents, they are playing the good kids?

“The problem is that when I am in the Academy my stomach hurts. In a hyuman town it is better to use hyumans huh. Well, that is logical. And in truth, since Lime got to Academy Town, we have been able to gather quite a good amount of information. He is a real help. Thanks Tomoe” (Makoto)

“… I think, I understand the feelings of Mio a bit. Thank you for your kind words. I trained Lime firmly after all. Right now his winning percentage against Mondo is higher. So use him as much as you want” (Tomoe)

There’s no doubt I am grateful. Tomoe’s actions normally go one step further from what I want her to, but it’s true that she is working well. Saying that she understands the feelings of Mio, Tomoe narrows her eyes happily and lifts the corners of her mouth into a smile. The expression of Tomoe was so imposing and different from her usual self that makes it feel even more charming.

I also heard a nostalgic name. Mondo huh.

Ah, the no-brain Forest Oni. I haven’t met that person lately, but his atmosphere must have changed quite a lot. Akua and Eris are on the level that they can serve hyuman customers after all. However, it seems like Lime has gotten so strong he is now able to fight against the strongest of the Forest Onis. I didn’t know that.

“Got it. Now then, it is probably our turn to report” (Makoto)

“No, actually there’s one more thing. It’s an important report regarding Asora. The reports on your side, I have already heard the ones that stand out the most from Shiki. It seems like you have become quite popular” (Tomoe)

Now it wasn’t the cute smile from a while, but a grinning face.

“Stand out? That’s the most irrelevant report of all. Well, if you have already heard it that’s fine. Let’s hear the important report of Asora” (Makoto)

Shiki. Counting your help in the surprise today, it seems like you have been meeting with Tomoe quite a lot. Even though you should have been busier than me. Just when does this guy sleep?

… There are also times when he stays up late reading books. Could it be, he actually has quite a lot of days where he doesn’t sleep at all?

“Yeah, it’s about the change of Asora’s irregular climate. I discovered the reason. The way to solve it, I think it is also doable” (Tomoe)

“!!”

Finally!

It is one of the problems Asora has been having since the beginning. It seems like the cause has finally come to light. The hectic climate that in times was summer, in others winter, some dry and others damp; it is finally going to be solved.

Even if I have a body that resists heat and cold, if the climates keeps changing so often, it will feel uncomfortable. There are times when the children or the old people have their physical condition affected. It is a problem that should be resolved.

“The reason for the change in climate is…” (Tomoe)

The report of Tomoe continues.





Chapter 95 - Asora changes with him as the origin


“Me?!”

I unintentionally raise my voice at Tomoe’s report.

It resounds well in the silent night where the report continues. I would feel bad if I wake up the people that are already asleep. Holding my mouth, I urge Tomoe to continue.

“Accurately speaking, it is the place where Waka is currently in. The places where you have passed through with the mist gate are affecting the climate of Asora, is what I think” (Tomoe)

“What? To think that Waka-sama was deciding the climate of this world. But in that case, it would be possible to change the temperature and weather drastically in a single day” (Shiki)

“Umu, the cases of radical changes are low though. It seems like in a day, there is a set time where it takes the last place Waka passed through and changes the climate largely-ja” (Tomoe)

“In short, what would happen in the cases where Waka-sama goes to Tsige in daytime and night at the Academy?” (Shiki)

“I still don’t know what would happen. To investigate it in detail, I would have to take some time with Waka. In truth, I don’t know if what’s affecting it is the place Waka has been in or the problem is the place where the gate has been opened, so I still can’t say for sure. Even the reason about it being the gates is not set” (Tomoe)

“… Fumu, this is a serious matter. For a short while I will be handling the issues in Academy Town. I will try to make it so Waka-sama can be here whenever there’s no lectures” (Shiki)

Tomoe and Shiki seem to be continuing their discussion.

If talking about me, I was really surprised and no opinions were coming out. I was practically blank right now.

I mean, just because I am walking around the world, the climate changes along? Even though the weather should be decided by things like: latitude, longitude, wind, tide, rotation, revolutions.

Is the climate in Asora decided by my location or something close to that? I-I can’t even travel with peace.

In that case, this crazy discomforting heat has something to do with the location of Academy Town? No, not the location, it’s more like because I am there.

“Then as a temporary counter-measure, we should have a mist gate fixed in a place where the climate becomes good and use that in the future?” (Makoto)

I finally try to bring out what I thought. It will be harsh not to use mist gates, but I can’t be picky. In the worst case scenario, I will have Tomoe open the gates and bring the goods… Tte, that’s no good. She seems to be in the middle of investigating. Her investigation is related to the thought transmission, so I don’t want to stop it.

“No. Not being able to use mist gates would be inconvenient for Waka after all. We will try to narrow the conditions, and after pinpointing the reason, we will think about how to deal with it. I already have a few methods in mind” (Tomoe)

It was immediately rejected.

“I think that’s for the better. Luckily, until today there hasn’t been any serious problems for using the mist gate, and if we don’t use it, it would greatly affect our stocking. But using Tomoe-dono all the time won’t be efficient” (Shiki)

They are right. Just like Shiki said, not only the interference of the Goddess, even the Church that are faithful are not showing any movements. Regarding the mist gate and Asora, it is probably safe to assume that the Goddess still doesn’t know of it.

“How are we going to pinpoint the reason?” (Makoto)

I wanted to hear the concrete method. It is better to resolve problems that are able to be resolved as soon as possible after all.

“The first thing I want to test out is Waka opening several gates and leaving them all without removing the traces completely. Which gate would be affecting the climate or will it still continue with the climate of Academy Town where Waka is. I want to make sure of this one” (Tomoe)

“I see. If one of the gates affects the climate, in the case there’s a change, the theory of it being the place affecting it will be valid” (Shiki)

“That’s how it is-ja, Shiki. And after increasing the trial and error, it will be easier to pinpoint. It was a method I thought of in my time at Tsige. I have the climate recorded of when Waka was lodged in a village and returned to Asora” (Tomoe)

“As expected of Tomoe-dono” (Shiki)

She had a guess since Tsige, and was gathering data to back up her conjecture. Even though I didn’t try to put much mind into it and just considered it a strange climate of Asora. Shiki’s words were the representation of my emotions right now.

“Then, is it okay to just teleport to each town once more?” (Makoto)

“Waka, if you do that, there’s a chance that the Goddess will notice. I have several gates created already, so you will accompany me, and on top of that, Waka will create a gate once more” (Tomoe)

“Uh, you are right. Teleporting is probably dangerous. Sorry, then I am counting on you” (Makoto)

“Yes. Tomorrow we will go together at the time of departure. And, at night return to Academy Town to rest. The day after tomorrow will be when we will see the first results of the test. I will also take in mind that I have to return every day” (Tomoe)

I feel a bit of self-disgust. Even though I already knew that using teleport formations are probably dangerous, I still talked without thinking.

At this rate, Tomoe seems to intent to do this while minding about her other business. This ability to deal with things, way of thinking. I have to learn from her.

“This will mean that several gates will have to be left open. Will the guarding be okay?” (Makoto)

“I will have the lizards and Arkes stop their town patrolling and deploy them in the area of the gates. Just in case, I will have the gate of Asora itself moved a bit and leave it for future decisions. I plan on not letting adventurers enter for a while” (Tomoe)

“You are right. The rumors are already spread well enough, so I don’t think there’ll be any problems. I will do the analysis as well-“ (Makoto)

“The analysis will be done by me and Ema, and I will gather several others, so there’s no need for Waka to go through the trouble. Thanks to Waka endeavoring on books, the numbers of books here has increased quite a lot, so the number of people that can work their mind have increased” (Tomoe)

The books I read in the Academy huh. So those are already being spread around. What a scary work speed. It’s on the level that I am worried about them falling from overworking.

And it also makes me feel like I will turn into an unneeded element, making me feel anxious. Everyone is way too reliable.

“Me also, if I am needed, please call me. I am interested too after all. I want to help as much as I can” (Shiki)

I see, Shiki has a lot of knowledge and he looks like he would like to do experiments.

“No, you still have the soil improvement and the rice production case too, so I want you to concentrate on those. Also… you have the case of the fruits of Asora as well” (Tomoe)

“Muh, you are certainly right. In the end, in those cases I could only come up with negative methods to resolve” (Shiki)

“It isn’t limited to the people of Tsige. If one thinks about it, using the seeds of the fruits to grow them is an option that one can easily come up with” (Tomoe)

“Yeah. That they would grow atrociously was outside expectations though” (Shiki)

What he means by atrocious is…

The time when I sold fruits in the outskirts of Tsige. There were people who tried to grow the fruits of Asora from the seeds. By the way, it was apples.

It’s one of the fruits that have the highest price in Asora. They were probably thinking about cultivating them in the neighborhood. Just like what Tomoe said, something that was clearly predictable, the me at that time didn’t think of it at all.

Well, if we are talking about growing, it did grow. Even if I say that, I only confirmed it when it was still several centimeters and didn’t see if it could became a tree and give fruit.

However, even though it only grew a few centimeters, it created an atrocious effect on the surroundings.

We learned of it after getting a request from the Adventurer Guild to investigate.

There was a strange report that part of the land rapidly became barren and the magic power in the surroundings became weak.

When we went to check, we saw that there was a sprout of an apple tree.

It seems that the crops and plants of Asora absorb quite a lot of nourishment in this world in order to grow. In the modern world I have heard of crops that would make the field radically decrease. This seemed just like that version but worse.

By the time we noticed, the fruits of Asora were already widely scattered in this world, so there’s the possibility that someone still has seeds of it.

After talking with the residents of Asora as well, we made it so that we wouldn’t give out that many fruits away. We didn’t completely prohibit it though. It is probably a situation where it would be better to completely restrict it but, there’s still a part I am concerned about.

Well, the plants are not at fault. We had the apple sprout brought back to Asora and replanted in the garden of my house.

“And so, I remembered. Shiki, what happened to that experiment where you used students?” (Makoto)

Regarding the crops of Asora, in the Academy, the hypothesis of Shiki and “him” brought about an experiment. It is something like a human body experiment, but it has already been tested by the residents of Asora on how it would affect the hyumans and it probably doesn’t have any negative effects on their health.

If there’s an irregularity, I intent to have Shiki do treatment immediately.

“… Actually, it seems like, currently, there’s practically the same results as the residents of Asora. It seems like it affects the strength of the body as well, so I intend to continue but, it is just… very interesting” (Shiki)

“I… see. Does it seem like there’s any damage in their health?” (Makoto)

“No, rather, it seems like they are even healthier. It was an extremely nutritious fruit after all” (Shiki)

A certain change seen in the residents of Asora…

This is something that was pointed out by Shiki and Tomoe in the past and investigations began. I was told that the orcs and lizards look like they have received an increase in strength and magic power.

After confirming it in detail, it was judged that the reason was what they eat.

The effects varied between persons, but the intake of fruits was especially involved in the increase of strength. It may be little by little, but it was clear that it was increasing.

Just that, in the people that were not warriors didn’t have that much increase in body strength, and the people who didn’t have strong magic power didn’t show much increase in magic power.

It turned out that it showed the best performance with people with special characteristics.

And so, with Shiki’s proposition, we decided to try it on hyumans as well but, we don’t know the limit of the enhancement and there’s no assurance that it will have the same results on hyumans. At first, I rejected the idea.

But after doing lectures in the Academy numerous times, there was one student that was attached to strengthening medications and after making that person aware, I finally accepted the experiment.

The result is just as how the report said. It seems to have practically the same effects as the residents of Asora. Meaning, the fruits of Asora work as Status Up items for the hyumans as well.

In that case, would it be better to not bring out fruits from Asora?

“If you say practically the same, it means that there a slightly different inclination?” (Makoto)

“Yeah. The hyumans, compared to the orc and lizards, seem to have a higher rate of increase. At first, Gin who ate it, had an increase of about 1/3 of his magic power. The increase is practically on the same level as the Arkes who are a lot higher in base stats” (Shiki)

“So the effects are high huh. The limit is currently not known even in the residents. More like, it would be bad if the hyumans learn of this” (Makoto)

“Yeah. For a while we should deceive them by saying that it is their talent budding. Luckily, Waka-sama’s lectures are absurd in a lot of meanings, so it will sound plausible” (Shiki)

“The increase in strength works the same in hyumans huh. There are some plants that have the characteristic of saving up magic power. It really surprises me. I will tell them to temporarily stop the distribution of fruits. Well, thinking of such a benefit, it will take time before we will be able to secure enough to make experiments again. I think there are still fruits that have not been tested though” (Tomoe)

“In that case, taking into account the marriage proposals aiming for money, my lectures will become the topic for talks and students will begin to swarm around me once again huh. Hahaha… looks like it will be a bright future” (Makoto)

Even though events in the Academy will increase from now on…





Chapter 96 - In whole, a favorable wind


Finishing the test Tomoe proposed last night, I walked around checking Asora with Shiki and Ema.

In various places the work at hand was farming and construction. I was told of everything new they have found in the area.

When I heard about the expansion of the land, I learned that the needed facilities from one avenue have been completed and are now dividing the blocks for soil preparation. After finishing one street, putting everything in order is hard so they are probably doing it beforehand. Regarding the residents, there’s quite the scale in the town, so I think they can do as much soil preparation as they want. This is… that maybe? The silent pressure telling me to gather more residents?

I did ask an excessive request like making a miniature town for the sake of having adventurers come in, and yet, a part of it is already done. I think that’s quite impressive. Talk like “Being here and at long last reaching this point” may sound simple, but I feel like it is the best answer.

The agricultural field seems to have increased its efficiency a lot since Shiki came and did various things to it. If we talk about the things I have suggested in the agricultural field, it would be a simple way of making a paddy field, segmenting the field to use in turns and cultivate depending on the season. All things I learned in school and in field trips.

Moreover, there are things I’m probably wrong in. I am not specialized in that area, so I don’t know what’s most important.

That’s why I think Shiki is clearly being more useful than me.

Of course, the orcs at the fields have been working on fields for way longer than me, so since they have experience, there were lots of things they already knew. Like, it isn’t good to cultivate the same crop on the same field several times in a row. Repeated cultivation disruption, or something like that?

They are people that somehow managed to farm in a barren land. They are more reliable than me in that area.

“Now that I think about it. Ema, even though Shiki tinkered with the earth, are things like astragalus and white clovers still being grown in the dormant fields?” (Makoto)

I taught them about the astragalus and white clovers that are used to fertilize the earth, and suggested them to try growing those in fields that are lying fallow in the cycle.

If they are now able to reform the soil, then I think there’s no need for it though. But it isn’t that simple of an issue huh. If it’s a potted plant, one ampoule would resolve most of the issues, but horticulture and agriculture are subtly different so talking imprudently might not be a good idea.

“Yes. The plants in here tend to grow extraordinarily fast, and there’s also the issue of not being able to follow the seasons, so we are doing the cycles with the number of cultivations. After consulting Shiki-sama, he said that there’s sufficient merit in having them rest so we continue doing it. It also looks beautiful, so it serves as a playground for the kids that are in the middle of work, that’s why there’s some opinions saying that it would be a shame to not have them around. Luckily, in the present condition we are still able to fill the emergency stores with the amount of harvest, so I don’t think there’s a problem” (Ema)

A playground huh. In the time I was in Japan, it was a scene I have seen only a few times, but it is certainly true that looking at small flowers like astragalus and white clovers calm one down. To have them stay because of that reason might be good. Or is it too naïve?

Ah, that’s right. In a situation where we can’t count on the seasons, things like cycles are kind of pointless. I ended up talking about vague memories I had of when I read a history book. The growth rate is fast so they are probably managing somehow. Ema-san also said that the amount is plenty enough.

If I remember correctly, there was a time when we planted soybeans and in about 1 month it was green and ready to harvest. When I said some vague words like: “If there was a way to adjust the temperature and amount of light, we would be able to speed up the growth” and just like that, a system to harvest them in one month was created. I was seriously surprised. I felt like I saw Tomoe’s ability when she is serious.

“Ah… seasons huh. In that part, please wait for a bit more. We are currently investigating” (Makoto)

“Ah, no! I didn’t mean it like that…” (Ema)

Tto, damn it. I didn’t intend to blame her or anything.

“From the previous explanation, it seems like the amount made has increased decently” (Makoto)

“Yes. Following the instructions of Shiki-sama, we adjusted some things and are now able to harvest in about 2 weeks” (Ema)

2 weeks?!

To take 2 weeks after planting the seed. Even though 1 month was plenty fast. In that case, there won’t be any problems with food and soil in Asora. I have been receiving several reports of people from the wasteland wanting to migrate here. It might be time to increase the amount of residents.

I look at Shiki as if looking at an abnormal-, I mean, at a genius.

“It wasn’t much”, is what his face was saying.

“I just used what Waka-sama said as a base, arranged the elemental spells that could be used, and told the orcs in an easy to understand way. The arable land is currently sufficiently self-supported, but I plan on thinking up more things to improve it for future’s sake. I think I will be concentrating mostly on the product improvement” (Shiki)

It is already to the point that one could find food just by walking around normally, so it should be okay to not push yourself so hard.

There’s still some places that are not cultivation fields yet, but there’s plans to do so, so it seems like by increasing the area and gathering numbers, it will be totally fine.

“… Shiki, I am happy that you are ambitious but, try to get enough sleep okay?” (Makoto)

“Even if there are times when I want to sleep, it won’t affect my body’s health even if I don’t, Waka-sama” (Shiki)

“Don’t joke with such a straight face please” (Makoto)

Shiki may be saying it seriously, but I just push it as a joke. Look, even Ema is making a wry smile.

“U-Uhm, you see. Waka-sama, as you can see, there isn’t much problems with the cultivations and paddy fields but…” (Ema)

“Yeah?” (Makoto)

“There’s something… I want to consult you about” (Ema)

Saying that, she presses me and Shiki forward.

What? Did they find a new plant and are having problems?

We left the vast field that stretched out in front of us.

The orcs that were working and the ones that were in break, all lowered their head and saw us off. We both followed after Ema.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

The place where Ema guided us, had several plant stumps growing. They probably found them and brought them here with stump and all.

A big plant of 2 meters, no, about 3 meters. Its form makes me think of tropic but, this is…

Looking at it to see what was its identity, I found a familiar fruit growing from it.

Ah, so it was this.

But why are the Forest Onis here? Are they helping in gathering as well? For some reason Komoe-chan is here too. She would normally come running to me, but right now she is beside the Forest Onis and looking at the plant in question.

“This is a banana. So there’s even this here” (Makoto)

I am surprised that it was able to grow so big in a place like Asora. This is my first time seeing it growing from its tree. Maybe the bananas are unexpectedly tough.

That they are yellow might be because they are ripe already. If I remember correctly, they should be green at first.

“Yes. According to Waka-sama’s memories, this is supposed to be the fruit called banana that grows in hot places, but…” (Ema)

Ema seems to be bewildered. When I look, the forest Onis and Komoe-chan are fidgety and unable to calm down. What is it? Maybe because the Forest Onis have the image of always being wringed out by Tomoe, seeing Komoe-chan acting the same as them makes me feel uncomfortable.

“Yeah, they seem to grow in places with hot temperature like the current Asora. So?” (Makoto)

“We checked the reference book and it seems that the banana grows black seeds inside it. But in the stumps that the Forest Onis checked, they couldn’t find any such seeds” (Ema)

Reference book. She is probably referring to a plant reference book. I did read a book like that in the past.

But, did bananas have seeds? I feel like it didn’t have…

Ah, could it be…

“Ah, maybe it’s because they originally had them” (Makoto)

“Had them? If they don’t have seeds, we won’t be able to cultivate any new ones. How do they propagate?” (Ema)

“Uh?! Uhm, there are fruits that are modified according to the people’s convenience, so maybe for some reason the bananas began to grow with that kind of trait” (Makoto)

It’s Asora, a place where one can suddenly be able to harvest delicious radish, carrots and tomatoes. Those are also in the shape after being altered. The apples, pears and even the peach are like that.

That’s why I thought that them being modified was not anything strange.

This is bad. It doesn’t answer the question of how to propagate them.

“If I remember correctly, it is possible to peel the skin easily and eat it, moreover, it is incredibly delicious, however, in that case, it means that when this batch runs out, they will go extinct” (Ema)

Hearing the words of Ema, the Forest Onis make a grim face. Even though you guys are the ones that discovered it, why are you so sad about it?

Tears are welling up from Komoe-chan’s eyes?!

“T-That is troubling!!”

“Uwu~”

Even if you tell me you are troubled with a serious face…

“… Actually, when the Forest Onis first discovered this and brought it here, they uhm… seemed to have liked it quite a lot” (Ema)

So it turned into their favorite food?

When I turned to the Forest Onis to confirm, they nodded their head up and down like a broken toy. Komoe-chan is the same huh. I thought she had the same taste as Tomoe, but she has a young outward appearance so she probably has a different thought pattern.

“We don’t know of anything that tastes so good. When we ate this banana for the first time, we learned that there’s nothing that can compare to it in this world!”

“Bananas are delicious. I really like them. I always eat this after training” (Komoe)

… They are talking like they are doing drugs, oi. Saying “in this world!” makes me want to draw back. Komoe-chan unusually requests something of me. She is an unexpectedly shy girl, so it is quite a rare scene.

It’s just that in times of practice her bashfulness disappears and she silently punishes them. Sometimes, she is scarier than when Tomoe and Mio are there.

“I-I see” (Makoto)

“That’s why! We tried our best to bring it here without hurting it and investigated a lot, but we weren’t able to find anything resembling a seed. A-At this rate, we will lose the bananas!”

That means, they were only able to find a number of banana trees in the exploration area?

Withdrawal symptoms huh. That’s what one would think seeing the Forest Onis trembling and clinging onto the closest banana tree they had. It is funny, but it has turned into a picture I can’t laugh at. Their faces seem to be serious and look like they are about to cry. So after training, Komoe-chan has been steadily consuming the low amount of bananas huh. The Forest Onis are probably feeling a great deal of fear.

“I remember now. When the bananas grow, after that they will wither-” (Makoto)

“?! U-Uwaaaaa?!”

“?!!”

An incomprehensible scream. They are holding their heads and grieving. They even cut off my words just to scream that? The speechless Komoe-chan looks kind of cute.

But, is there are way aside from seeds?

I look at Shiki.

However, he just shakes his head. Well, that’s natural huh. He is specialized in earth, but that doesn’t mean he is knowledgeable of plants. He did say that he begin agriculture and earth magic when he arrived at Asora after all.

How should we do it?

The pineapple for example, they cut off the suckers and plant it to have them reproduce that way. But there’s no assurance that bananas are like that too. By the way, that’s information from tv.

They give the same tropic feeling, so maybe it can?

Umu…

“So it really was a tree that would wither within a year huh. There were opinions around that said the same” (Ema)

Ema also looks sad. It may not be as much as the Forest Onis, but it seems like she considers them tasty.

It is surprising how they can tell it is a perennial plant or a 1 year plant just by looking at the tree. Are there pros in the orcs?

I want to do something for them though.

… I am not sure if it would work the same as with suckers, but there is also grafting which is a method that doesn’t need seeds as well. There’s the problem of compatibility, so it is something that it is not certain will work and I only know a few kinds. Well, it is a technique that’s worth mentioning.

“Uhm, you see. It is not a sure method but… there’s a technique I know of” (Makoto)

I explain about suckers and grafting to Ema and the Forest Onis.

Ema seemed to be interested in the grafting but the Forest Onis spiritedly heard both of them. It is somewhat fresh to see the Forest Onis listening to me seriously. Komoe-chan is also nodding, but it is probably on the level of “I see~”; In the case of this girl.

Don’t let any word slip by, that’s what one could see from the determination of them. When the explanation ended, Ema asked me for cooperation on grafting. The Forest Onis ran off to the place where the banana trees came from to check if there’s suckers there. Komoe-chan also followed them.

“The image of the Forest Onis is a lot different from the time they came here” (Makoto)

“Tomoe-sama and Mio-sama, as well as Komoe-sama have been raising them quite a lot after all” (Ema)

“Ha…hahaha…” (Makoto)

“Waka-sama, thank you very much for the incredibly interesting information. Grafting sounds like it will serve us a lot, so I think about trying it out” (Ema)

“Go ahead. Even so, were suckers not in the reference book?” (Makoto)

“Yeah. Even if we call it a reference book, it is a book that is based off of what Waka-sama passed his eyes to after all. It isn’t like it is the exact book but a recreation of the book, so it is a given” (Ema)

I see.

Certainly, if it was taken from my memories, leaving aside the parts I don’t remember, the parts I didn’t see would be impossible to recreate.

Even so, the Forest Onis, to think they like bananas. It is probably something that only exists in Asora, but what are you doing by increasing your weaknesses.

I can already picture Tomoe taking their bananas and having them train while crying. Just how pitiful can they become.

I don’t think it will be a solution, but let’s have Ema give Mondo some bananas.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

It’s really been a while since I have come to the workplace of the dwarfs.

Even though their tasks are not all about using fire, it doesn’t change the fact that this place is hotter than anywhere else. My legs can’t help but recede when there’s no business here.

Lately, most of the time I have come here only to receive reports.

“Oh Waka. Last night you took care of all of us and we all passed a fun time. Thank you very much”

“I am happy that you enjoyed it Elder” (Makoto)

“Each time we receive invitations like that, the ingredients and food variety increase so I can’t help but walk there every time. I was surprised to see that last night the home cooking of Mio was the main. I was astonished”

“It seems like she is doing it because she likes it, so if you want, please do accompany us in the future as well. At some time, Tomoe might begin a sake tasting contest, so I think that the dwarfs might find that more to their liking” (Makoto)

“Oh! Sake huh! That’s nice, I am looking forward to it. We will have to increase our work a step higher in preparation for that time”

“Ahahaha, do look forward to it. And so Elder, do you have an urgent business today? I heard it from Ema” (Makoto)

The eldwas Elder’s look is that of an advanced age old man. To the point that instead of a dwarf, he looks more like a short build demi human.

Just as his looks tell, he is a good-natured person, but even with those looks he is still able to handle a hammer that easily surpasses his stature, so there’s no mistake that he is the dwarfs’ elder. They are all tough with their tools huh.

No matter what, I always end up talking politely because of his seniority. Just this point, I just can’t help but doing it instinctively. It is carved in my mind after all.

“So that’s why you went through the trouble of coming here. No well, it is about the material that Mio-sama brought to us but, there’s something that worried me. Ah, Ema-dono. About the requested equipment, we have been able to make part of it, so could you please take a look. It is on the usual workplace”

Saying so, the elder gives me something. Ema nods and lowers her head to me.

“Waka-sama, I can go there for a bit?” (Ema)

“Of course” (Makoto)

“Then, please excuse me” (Ema)

Seeing her off, I return my gaze to the Elder. When I do that, he had a material in his hands, or more like, he put the wreckage on top of the desk.

“!! This is…” (Shiki)

Shiki reacts to it. He seems to be incredibly surprised.

“This is something that Mio-sama brought when her kimono was damaged”

“Mio’s kimono was?” (Makoto)

Was there such a mamono walking at the entrance of the wasteland?

It damage the kimono? If I remember correctly, the only ones able to do that were the Size Ants that came out in mass from a hole and were able to slightly tear it.

“Yeah, the back was completely ragged. Fortunately, her body had no injuries”

“?!”

Wa?!

An enemy that could damage her from the back?! Shiki is also quite surprised. Well that’s obvious, if Mio doesn’t lower her guard, her defense and perception are top level.

Tte, wait. No injuries?

“… Yeah, no injuries. It made us the craftsmen feel quite powerless”

“That means, only the clothes were damaged?” (Makoto)

He probably noticed my question from my expression. The Elder-san explains to me while placing a finger on his temples as if enduring a headache.

“We didn’t hear if she just regenerated or if she hadn’t received any injuries to begin with, but Mio had no injuries. If she didn’t tell Waka-sama, it is probably because she really didn’t receive any injuries and deemed it as nothing important. And so, we have been thinking about increasing the capabilities of the equipment in order to create articles that can protect you respectable ones, but this material that’s the very thing that damaged the kimono… There’s some problem with it”

“Was it incredibly powerful?” (Makoto)

That Mio. Seems like cooking was more important. She most likely didn’t report because she didn’t receive any damage. Even so, does she really understand what armor is for? I will have to sermon her a bit about properly making requests for the craftsmen to make the adequate equipment. If she is satisfied just by the clothes having the same sensation, it would be too pitiful for the craftsmen. By clothes I mean everyday clothes, the ones that the orcs go through all the trouble to weave for Tomoe and Mio. I think that those are also hard to make, but what the dwarfs are making is armor. For the sake of protecting life. Armor that’s used to protect you from attacks is a whole different story.

“No, the thing itself is quite good”

Quite good. If Elder-san says quite good after looking at it, it should be quite the rare thing.

“….”

Shiki is staying silent. How unusual. Even though he likes materials and armor. He was really happy about that staff too.

“After hearing Mio-sama’s story and investigating the material and kimono, we arrived at a conclusion. Most of the opinions said that it was just a mamono with high attack power and had grown big by chance. However, it ate a wind spirit, moreover, a middle class one in a very early stage. In the wasteland, there are a few amount of wind spirits and if we talk about middle class ones, then even I haven’t seen them. Thinking about the original power of the mamono, no matter if the spirit was weakened, it is impossible to think that it would be able to predate on a spirit. This is just a personal opinion of mine, but I feel like there’s some sort of underlying artificiality”

“An act? You are saying that someone did this with something in mind?” (Makoto)

That someone caught a spirit and had a suitable mamono eat it to have it evolve? What a dangerous talk.

“Mio-sama encountered it outside the wasteland. It seems to be a highway that extends onto Tsige. That means, it crossed the mountain range that divides the wasteland”

“You are saying that because Mio encountered it the fatal damage was low?” (Makoto)

“Yes. The Forest Onis investigated and the demons in the area didn’t show any sort of movements that stood out. Without knowing the reason, I am feeling a bit anxious”

“Certainly. Having the feeling of someone doing something below your feet is not comforting after all. Understood, I will…” (Makoto)

Investigate it. Is what I wanted to say, but in that moment…

Shiki silently raised his hand.

“Shiki-sama?”

“What’s it, Shiki?” (Makoto)

“… M-Me” (Shiki)

“What?” (Makoto)

“The one… who did experiments to that mamono… was me!” (Shiki)

““… Eh?””

The voice of me and the Elder overlapped.

“It was something that happened before meeting Waka-sama. In the time I was inside the body of a Forest Oni that was one of the many experiments I had done. I captured several middle class wind spirits and after weakening them to the point of not being able to resist, I made a mamono eat it” (Shiki)

“…”

“By eating a spirit, I thought that it may evolve into something like the spirit or a change close to that. But it turned into a failure that only increased the power of its scythe… and since I lost interest in it, I threw it away” (Shiki)

Threw it away you say, Shiki. What kind of dangerous thing are you doing.

“Oh, so Shiki-sama was the one who did it. Ah~, knowing the reason, the weight in my chest has lifted. With this, I will be able to concentrate on the creation of Mio-sama’s armor without any distress”

“I am sorry, Elder”

“It is fine. The material was used for the weapon of an adventurer somewhere, but it became good training for Beren. It seemed like he was worried that something similar would happen to Mio-sama again, but now he can have peace of mind”

“?! Could it be you are planning on telling Mio?!” (Shiki)

“… Ah, if I do tell her, Shiki-sama might be scolded. Waka-sama, what should we do?”

The Elder was concerned about Shiki’s wellbeing and passed the decision to me.

“… Shiki” (Makoto)

“Y-Yes” (Shiki)

“… Well, get scolded. It is true that the kimono was turned into rags after all” (Makoto)

“?!!! Aaaahh….” (Shiki)

The writhing Shiki-san. It was an unexpected position but…

Well, I think you can still return, so do your best Shiki.

Giving a sidelong glance at Shiki who was having a face like it was the end of the world, the Elder and I nodded to each other.





Chapter 97 - The temporary teachers’ staff room


It feels like a long time since I have returned to Rotsgard. Well even if I say so, it’s only been a few days though.

Because of Tomoe’s hypothesis about the climate, the investigation has increased the time I am in Asora.

It seems like that genius samurai-wannabe’s thinking was mostly correct, so after the day of the report, the climate of Asora constantly changed because of the experiments.

Well, we were using the hypothesis as our base, that’s why we notified the residents beforehand, so no real problem occurred.

It seems like the last gate I opened is the one affecting it. It is practically certain.

By that I mean the remains of a gate that not only Tomoe and I can open, but Mio is able to use as well. Shiki said that he is almost able to use it. How reliable.

That’s why if the gates are properly closed there’s less chances of affecting the climate.

There’s arias involved, but the only difference is that I use an aria or not to make the gate appear, so it doesn’t inconvenience me. Changing the gate I open at the Academy as one that doesn’t leave traces, Asora now has a gentle climate that’s close to that of early summer. That it rains a bit often is one of the cons, but residents like the lizards were happy. It seems like they liked the tropic climate quite a bit, so I feel slightly bad for what I did. I hope they are not being considerate.

Tomoe went to investigate again. Giving out a number of points, she said that she would find places for all the seasons. The day that Asora has the same four seasons as Japan might be close. Unlike me, Tomoe seems to be able to predict the future results with the data gathered, so she is probably able to estimate the adequate places from the patterns in the climate changes.

Today is a lecture day. Asora seems to have calmed down, so there shouldn’t be any problems in me returning. I am thinking about making this place my center of actions again. The person that is teaching Mio cooking seems to be there for a limited amount of time, so since time is precious, she has been staying in Tsige. I don’t know if she is staying there or doing all-nighters, but there seems to be days when she doesn’t return. If she is interested in something she will do it to her best, that’s truly Mio-like. I don’t know what kind of cooking she is learning, but I think one day she will serve it to me, so I am looking forward to it.

“Raidou-sama, regarding the several days of business, it seems like there wasn’t any remarkable problem and has been going smoothly. They are also growing properly” (Shiki)

Shiki does a report of the sales in the time I was in break, and talks to me satisfied. He returned to Rotsgard several times, but he was mostly in Asora. And yet, the shop didn’t have any problems, so he must be happy about it. I am happy too.

“You are right. If we were able to rotate the people working and have them able to teach the newcomers, it would make things a lot easier. Hey Shiki, about Rembrandt-san and his daughters…” (Makoto)

“Ah, the case where you left a letter with Mio-dono right?” (Shiki)

“Yeah. Thinking about the day they left Tsige, I think they will be arriving here soon but, did you obtain any information?” (Makoto)

“Not really. Most I could get was that they would be arriving at the Academy soon. They are daughters of an influential merchant, so maybe they have orders to stay silent. Lime was also unable to gather any information in town” (Shiki)

“I see. Well, when they return to the Academy, I will give my greetings. You already gave the report of the things that are needed for today’s lecture right?” (Makoto)

“Yes. I have already received permission beforehand, so I don’t think there will be much problems” (Shiki)

Shiki really acts properly. If he makes a mistake this time, I will turn a blind eye for him.

He was a bit bullied by Mio because of the mamono incident after all.

Let’s see, after today’s lecture, let’s invite the students that have free time to Gotetsu. Jin seems to have liked the nabe, so maybe the other students will also be happy. I am not thinking about reeling them in with food, but I have to be kind from time to time.

Before going to the lecture, I go to the desk I was given and check if I have any urgent messages. It’s like a staff room for temporary teachers. Maybe they have extra space, when I requested for Shiki to accompany me, they also put up a desk for him.

It’s a place I use only when I am looking for shelter in lecture days and in days where the library is boisterous.

“Otto, this is…” (Makoto)

My voice reflexively comes out. On my desk there were quite the amount of documents and letters piled up. Even though I came here because I had some leisure time before the lecture began, with this, it feels like I don’t even have enough time to skim through them.

“What an incredible amount. For now, I will sort them out, so will you look at the necessary ones?” (Shiki)

[Let’s do that. I don’t need the confession ones, so just dispose those]

“Understood” (Shiki)

Luckily, the desk of Shiki only had love letters, so I can ask of him without any worries. Just, the letters on his desk, there are many that seem to be done with a lot of effort. It makes me interested.

Oh, they are decreasing.

The chaotic pile of paper is being beautifully assorted.

I can hear the voice of admiration of someone. Well, it is probably a teacher who has lectures today too. Fufufu, you must be jealous right? But Shiki is ours so I won’t be giving him.

As expected, the disposal corner is the one that has the most. To think that the absurd proposals would even come here, it is already on the level of harassment.

There seem to be a few documents that I should check, so I begin checking them.

Ehm, a request to accept a student huh. The ones I have are mostly like this.

Now that I think about it, the teachers did tell me. That after a while of holding a course, I would be able to select the students that I want to accept in my lecture. They also told me that this system didn’t have much point unless you are a popular lecture and they are normally all accepted.

But I am happy for it. If they are clearly people that don’t have the power and only have other objectives, coming to me would only trouble me. If I am able to reject them through documents, I am grateful.

… There are a lot of girls. Their main subject and specialty are clearly different from mine. I really don’t need this kind of popularity.

Okay, trash. This, trash too. This girl, to the trash too. Ah, a man. Close enough, come back when you have trained more. From a third person’s perspective, it looks like I am quite popular. For the teachers that are having troubles gathering students, my actions of putting the seal of rejected must look pretty strange. The number of students I have now are 5 so I am in the same boat as them.

N? Assistant teacher petition? What is this?

When I check the contents, it seems to be documents asking my presence as an assistant lecturer. I forgot that I can participate in other lectures as an assistant. Because I didn’t intend to do it anyways.

The lecture’s subject is…

Hand-to-hand art. I am a magician and merchant though. Is this bullying?

Axe art. It isn’t like I am not interested in axes. The same as above.

Practical use of recovery medications. Something that Shiki might want.

Limia Kingdom history. Don’t know the point.

Nothing decent.

Setting aside the requests of Limia Kingdom history and the others, I breathe out a sigh. Well, it isn’t like I have seen the details, so for now I will take the assistant teacher documents back.

Another request to enter my class? Ehm, let’s see, this time is…

Ah, found it.

Sif Rembrandt. Yuno Rembrandt.

These are Rembrandt’s daughters no doubt. So they have already returned to the Academy. Rumors are so half-assed.

No, that’s not it. Today those two will be returning. Then that means my lecture will be the number one lecture they will be returning to. In that case, should I make today’s lecture lighter? I need to rehab after all.

But this time is a fun lecture I have announced beforehand. I did accept their petition, and there’s only one other student among the petitions that I think has the requirements to participate as well, so let’s just split the 3 new students and I will take care of them.

Looking at the information of the Rembrandt sisters, I think that the ability of them is pretty high compared to other students. Just like how Jin said, talented. Well, it is not sure if they still possess the same skills as before though. They did suffer a serious illness after all.

The older sister Sif is older than me huh. 19 years old. She seems to be a magician. Her element specialties are earth and fire. Heh~. To write two is pretty unusual. Also, the earth one has the divine protection of a spirit. She will probably be taught mainly by Shiki.

The little sister is 15. Oh! She uses bows. Also, spears? This is quite the rare combination. Bow and spear. Don’t tell me she investigated me and Shiki beforehand, and wrote whatever came up. Her magic seems to be in basic level and they are mostly enhancing spells huh.

Rembrandt-san is aiding me, so I will accept both. Mixing public and private? No, in terms of ability there’s no problems.

If I had to say something, it would be that I don’t know if they were taking Shiki and me in mind and wrote lies. The older one wrote that she has a spirit’s divine protection in her earth element, so I don’t think there’s a lie in that one though. But the part of her little sister using bow and spear is just… In the Academy’s lectures I haven’t used the bow once, so she probably heard it from her father.

The other girl. It isn’t like I chose her because she is my type. In my lecture there’s four men and one female. The lone woman Amelia grumbles saying that she wants more girls (even though she doesn’t want other girls to get their hands on Shiki), so I think it will have a good balance of 50/50. Her motive and abilities are pretty high. It seems like it hasn’t been long since she transferred here from a small country close to the Gritonia Empire. She is probably searching for several classes to attend. There’s the probability that my class doesn’t fit her and she leaves, but she is a scholarship student so I think her desire to improve is high.

“Raidou-sensei, can I have a bit of your time?”

I have Shiki take the papers for the student petitions that were accepted to the staff room. I don’t know how much it will take to accept it, but by next week I will probably be able to meet the sisters face to face. If it’s today, they will probably just think that it is a weird class. If they think it is weird in a positive way, there won’t be any problems. Probably.

[What is it?]

Soon after Shiki left the room, one of the teachers stood up from his seat and talked to me. How rare.

“Actually uhm, it’s about the injury medication you handle in your business…”

[Yes, I certainly do handle wound medications]

“From now on, in the time between summer vacations till the school festival, my lectures will have more dangerous practical trainings. So if possible, I wanted to ask if you could provide me with about 10”

Ah, so that’s how it is. I don’t know if it is dangerous because the school festival is coming, but instead of replenishing the 10 emergency medications every day, it would be better to just ask me to have them in order. Right now I have a number restriction when selling and the wound medications are not something the general public buy constantly. If there’s customers that want to buy in large numbers, Lime and the others are managing it. Well, if it’s to heal the wounds of the students, I don’t have any objections.

[Ah, I see. Understood. If you say that it is for the sake of the lectures, then I will happily prepare them. If you want to, you can come as soon as tomorrow to my store]

“Thank you very much! Ah, I’m so glad. The reputation of Kuzunoha Company had rose higher, so I tried it too, but it really has incredible effectiveness. I really wanted to bring them as insurance, but since it was so popular, it was pretty hard to get”

[I apologize for the inconveniences of not making that many]

Since the number restriction, the amount that have reached to different hands has increased, but for the people that are looking for numbers it is definitely inconvenient. I have received requests from several medical stores too. Right now we are in the middle of considering our options. If they bring out something like reserves for the Academy, it will trouble me. It may create oppositions saying that I can actually make as many as I want. It will be quite the big business discussion, so even if this type of talks come in the future, there will be people that would want to try crushing us. I don’t think there’s anything to worry about though.

“No! With that kind of effect, that’s obvious. The price is clearly cheap. There won’t be many situations where we would need to use that wound medication, so I think that with just 10 it will be able to last till the school festival”

[It can only maintain its outstanding effects for 3 months so be careful of that. We also have other things in sale, so please do pay a visit at our store again]

“Understood. I will certainly do!”

At the time he called me, he had a pretty stiff expression but now he is cheerful as he returns to his seat. If he says he wants 10 for insurance, he must be quite the popular teacher.

Just in case, I will have Lime check if he is actually using them for what he said he would. It would be troublesome if it is a new method for resale. Right, I did say tomorrow but let’s push it to a few days later and investigate his background.

Shiki returned. Just in time too.

Then, let’s go to class.





Chapter 98 - The anticipated lecture and baptism


There were 8 people.

No, I wasn’t actually confident that the original 5 would stay.

Next time we will be doing something interesting. That’s what I said last week after all.

That there are 3 extra people must be because the speed that the staff clears the documents is probably abnormal. Leaving aside the students’ level, the system in Rotsgard is pretty impressive. I thought that not only the level of the students but the hyumans in general were plain.

But since at the top there’s Sofia, they are probably impressive. Well, the middle probably isn’t though.

[From today on, there will be 3 more people attending]

I wrote it simple and look at the three. Right now Shiki and I are facing the 8 students, but I beckon the three new students to come to my side. The Rembrandt sisters had pretty similar faces. As expected of sisters. Just that their hair style is different and their bearing differ, so they give different impressions. There was a time when our eyes met for a bit and they both smiled, but it was only for an instant. They soon made serious faces and reunited with the 5 students. They don’t look that ill-natured to me. They seem to properly understand their position as students.

Just that looking at Jin and Amelia, maybe because they didn’t expect that attitude from the sisters, their faces had a dubious expression. That they are not completely shocked must be because they are nervous about today’s class. The Rembrandt sisters are gathering attention even when they are just standing still, just how much of a bad reputation do they have.

[You three, introduce yourselves]

In turn, first the sisters and then the remaining one. After that I will have the other five present themselves as well.

“It’s a pleasure, my name is Sif Rembrandt. I have returned today, so there might be people that already know me. I was absent because of an illness, so until I recover completely, I may be a bother, but please do take care of me. My race, as you can see, is hyuman. My specialty is attack magic; elements fire and earth. I have a spirit’s divine protection in my earth element” (Sif)

When Sif makes a last bow, her silky blond hair droops along with her. Her type of hair is straight. Looking at her long hair flowing, it is truly beautiful. The last time I met her, she practically didn’t have any hair after all. She is practically a completely different person. The word young woman truly fits her. Conversely, I can’t imagine her as a combat type. She probably doesn’t do close combat.

“Nice to meet you! My name is Yuno Rembrandt. I am Sif Rembrandt’s little sister and just like her, I have returned just today! The reason is the same, illness. I am still unable to move at my 100% but I will do my best! My race is of course, hyuman. My specialty is physical combat. But as you can see, I have a short build so instead of vanguard I am more of a center defender. My weapons are spear and bow; depending on the situation, I switch them. My magic is mainly enhancing but it isn’t my specialty. Please do take care of me!” (Yuno)

Just like Yuno said, she has a short build. She probably is around 1.5m. It makes me doubt her use of spear and bow even more. The bows in this world are mostly big after all. But since she not only wrote it in the petition and actually said it in her introduction as well, it is probably not a lie… Yeah.

Could it be that she matches them with the party depending on the situation? It isn’t like she can walk around with both of them, so that must be it. She is skillful, and seems to be an energetic one. She has the same blond hair as her older sister, but just like if displaying her personality, her hair is cut short enough so that it doesn’t reach her shoulders.

“Nice to meet you. I have transferred from Fosk Royal Academy, my name is Karen Frost. It hasn’t been long since I transferred, so I would be glad if you teach me. My race is hyuman. My specialties, I don’t really have any; I am a jack of all trades. In terms of magic, earth is the one I am the best at, but I can use the other elements decently. Please do take care of me” (Karen)

…

Hyuman huh.

While hearing Karen’s self-introduction, I check the reactions of the other students. There wasn’t that much difference compared to the Rembrandt sisters. Actually, at the time of the sisters, I could see that the five of them looked more nervous. It is probably because of their previous reputation of having a bad personality. Jin, it may seem off-putting for you, but that expression is rude to the sisters you know?

Even so, this Karen girl…

She is using magic to change her appearance. That’s why she is being accepted by the other students without any discomfort. In my eyes, her appearance is completely different from that of a hyuman.

When I looked at Shiki, he seemed to have noticed my confusion and nods. Shiki and I can tell, so that means it is practically without a doubt an illusion type of spell. I don’t know if she is using it herself or is the effect of some sort of tool though.

Even if I question Karen here, it will only be a waste of one class and it isn’t like I am being troubled by it right now. After the class ends or if she is unable to, I will just ask her if she has some time today after all her plans are done to have a detailed talk. If she just wants to honestly take my class then I have no problems. It will probably be something troublesome though.

[And that’s how it is, do treat them well. Also, Rembrandt sisters, let me tell you this first, just because I am friends with your father doesn’t mean I will go easy on you, so take that in mind]

After the other five introduced themselves as well, I have the three of them return to the group. It would be a matter of time for them to learn that we are acquainted, so I will just tell them straight. The two of them answer me clearly in return. Yeah, they are nice girls, I think.

[Now then, as planned, for today’s lecture I have an enjoying subject. But, as expected, the stimulus would be too high for the three new students. That’s why we will be splitting the group in two. Now then, Sif, Yuno and Karen stay here in standby. The others come here]

I leave the explanation for the three to Shiki and I lead the five to a place a bit away. I will leave Shiki in charge here, but at the end I will have to take lead.

The expressions of the five are stiff. Tense and concentrated.

“Sensei, what are we doing today?”

It’s Jin. Even though he says that everything is set by one’s ability, he seems to have a personality that attracts people and is the one that’s acting as leader. His way of talking is severe, but in the end he is an attentive person. Our ages are the same, so if our meeting was different, we could have become good friends.

[Its real combat training]

“Could it be, against sensei?!”

The face of the five magnificently cramp.

[No. I will have you fight with a summoned being. Don’t worry, if you go at it with the desire to kill, you won’t die. Life is unexpectedly that way. In the worst case scenario, Shiki will heal you so be relieved. Depending on the number of times you are defeated, the penalty will increase]

“S-Summoned?”

[Yeah, I actually am able to do summoning]

Desperate words of “Isn’t this abuse?! Something like a lecture we will be defeated several times” and “Will I have to skip all the other lectures that I have next?” How rude. There’s no way I would do something that would bother the other teachers. Everyone will be able to attend to the next classes with your body healthy!

By the way “if you go at it with the desire to kill, you surprisingly won’t die” are the words of my sensei. The word surprisingly has passed through my mind several times. Now it has become a funny story… I have survived after all.

And so, after saying random words, I summon a mist gate and a hazy shadow appears inside the mist. A single mist lizard appears.

I can tell that the students are gulping their breath. Even low grade lizardmen are said to be a threat when in group. This one clearly has beautiful blue scales that are out of the norm, armed with a sword and shield along with light armor. They must have noticed that this lizardman is a strong foe. I am already used to seeing it, but those scales that shine with the light are truly beautiful.

“Uhm, this lizardman, I haven’t seen it anywhere before. Just how strong is it?”

N, the dagger boy. For him who has to fight the enemy in close combat, the opponent’s information must really interest him. But I refuse.

[It’s a secret. After you fight him, each one of you will have to write a report of the information you managed to grasp. I will approve consulting with other classmates, but the wrong answers will return to you as minus points okay? Don’t forget that the answers you submit are your own responsibility]

“Uhm, at least name of the race…”

The bow user Amelia. There’s no way I will tell you right? In a school that has such an excellent library. There’s probably no one who has seen the mist lizardmen, but that’s not all there is to it.

[It’s a secret. He is my friend, Blue Lizard-kun. Then, begin. Until Shiki returns, you can’t go dying or no one will be able to save you, so be careful]

“I am counting on you today. Blaze is prohibited. Fight with them at 1% of your power please. It is okay to not hold back in the technical areas” (Makoto)

When I pass by the mist lizard, I whisper in his ear. He nodded slightly.

Leaving the sounds of life and death struggle of the students as BGM, I return to where Shiki-san and the other three are waiting.

[Shiki, how is the explanation going?]

“I have finished explaining the basic objectives of this class to those three and they are currently in standby. Now then, I will be heading over to that side” (Shiki)

[I leave them to you]

“If I don’t hurry they might get seriously hurt, so I will excuse myself now” (Shiki)

Shiki makes a wry smile as he heads to the place where the life and death, no, the enjoying lecture is taking place. I won’t be doing that to you three yet, so rest assured.

[Now then. About you three who are participating in my classes from today on, I think you have already heard the explanation from my assistant Shiki. I will be brief here, increase the amount of elements you can use. Learn to activate spells faster. Learn to use those points efficiently and do the correct decisions in the correct time. That is the objective of my class]

“Learn to be skillful, is what you are trying to say?”

Karen summarizes what I said. Well, in short that’s it. But the word skillful is pretty broad.

[That’s right. I am not telling you to get rid of your strong points and become skillful, I am talking about improving your weak points as well as your strong ones. If it’s Sif: water, wind and darkness elements are the current tasks. In the case of Yuno, find easy to use elements and increase the amount of non-elemental magic. Karen, you say you are a jack of all trades so, everything. Obviously, increase the ability to use all those points effectively]

It seems like the three understood what I was trying to say, they tensed up immediately.

[Today, you three will form a group and fight against me. Even if I say fight, it will be just you attacking me though. You are free to do whatever you want. In the middle of that, I will be giving you combat advice and tasks. As you can see, I communicate with writing, so make sure not to miss it. If you don’t improve on the things I point out, I will break your attack on that second miss. Keep in mind that you will be wounded. Then, we will begin in 5 minutes. Prepare]

This is something the other students did as well. At the end, they made faces filled of despair. “Fix what I have pointed out” is not something that one can do as soon as they are told. After a while, they will not be able to do the same attack of what they weren’t able to fix and slowly their cards will decrease to the point that they are zero. Predicting my students’ attacks, the battle time and calculating the remaining time of the class is just… hard.

After 5 minutes.

Well, that’s obviously how it would be. The position of the three are just as expected. No vanguard. If I won’t be attacking anyways, there won’t be anyone set in the vanguard because there’s no one specialized in it.

[Come]

The short writing worked as the signal. From the three, Karen and Sif’s arias begin. Their voices are loud. I can already predict the scale of the magic they will use. In exchange for power, they really sacrifice quite a lot.

Yuno quickly does the first attack. She shoots an arrow at me. So instead of the spear, she decided on the bow huh. She must have taken into account the chance of being caught in the magic. If the opponent were to counter attack, she would have probably chosen the spear to protect her sister.

The arrow flies to my collar. Her gaze was directed at my chest, so… that’s quite the aim she has. It was only off by a bit. However, maybe because her physical strength is lacking, the power is low. Also, because it is a projectile, it isn’t enhanced that much by magic power.

Of course, the arrow is stopped by my barrier and it didn’t hit me.

“Eh?!”

[The power is weak. Not even worth the words. Put more strength in it. If you are aiming at my chest, don’t miss at such a distance]

Well, the attacks of her are arrows, so even if she does the same thing, it’s just going to be stopped by my barrier. Let’s try baking today.

The second attack. The strength increased, though it is still low. It seems there’s a need to strengthen her muscles. Looks like she is being desperate in imbuing magic power to the arrow, and because of that, the strengthening in her body is negligent. Like that, it won’t work in the wasteland. Well, just because her house is close doesn’t mean that the princesses of Rembrandt will be fighting in the wasteland though.

She shoots again.

“Uh?!”

[Think of body strengthening and magic power imbuing as a set. In the next one I will burn]

Before the magic is shot, Yuno’s cards might be gone. In that case, she would probably have to use a spear.

Oh, magic. Sif and Karen huh.

It looked like Karen would be able to put together the magic faster, but maybe she matched her speed with Sif’s on purpose. Simultaneous attacks are harder to deal with after all. Of course, the spells interfere with each other, so I can’t say it is always good.

If she aimed for that when she shot it, she must have quite the confidence in her skills.

“Ray!”

“Frost Break!”

Fire and water huh. Karen, if you did that aiming to match, then you are quite the challenger.

However, both magic’s mechanism and composition are practically confirmed, so I can tell what spell they will use.

The one Sif released is a heat ray, I think. This spell’s objective is most likely to pierce the enemy. And even if stopped, it looks like it would explode.

Karen’s magic probably freezes a radius around its target and breaks. This time she activated it after Sif spell huh. What’s gathering around me is most likely the chill from Karen’s spell.

I receive Sif’s spell with a barrier. I can tell that it is accumulating power. Explosion. Just as expected. The wave that was on the level of soft wind caresses my face. When blocking with a partial barrier, there’s no helping that I will be hit by the byproducts.

Karen’s spell is completed in the perfect timing. Splendid! It’s like this isn’t the first time they have matched their spells. She has good sense.

With a high-pitched noise, I get enclosed in a case of ice.

To be more precise, I was wrapped by ice after I took a little distance from it. When I look, I see that Yuno is drawing her bow close to the limit and holding off shooting. Good. She is trying to aim the best she can so she doesn’t waste the shot.

[Well done. The timespan is Karen’s sense huh, quite impressive. You took into account Sif’s explosion and used it as blinding, nice thinking. About the task, it would be Sif’s speed]

Even though I was in the middle of explaining, the cage of ice reacted to Karen’s voice and broke flashily.

[About Sif, it would be speed. It would be good if you can increase the speed of your heat ray, or make it pursue. About Karen, it would be the change in the surroundings that tells the enemy of its activation and its power. If that’s something that’s not activated directly to the target but in a space where the target is, it would be hard to hit. And even if you manage to hit, the power is just low]

“To block everything with that small barrier!”

“… Even though I hid the change in the surroundings and the power was also good”

[Yuno. I did say that I would destroy the attack that I have already pointed out right? If you can’t do anything else anymore, just bring out the spear. If you prepare properly, you can also attack me from the back]

I burn the arrow that Yuno shot thinking I was open. It wasn’t blocked by my barrier, it just burned in the middle of air.

“N-Not yet!”

“Next time for sure!”

“Maybe I should get a bit more serious”

It will probably be a complete defeat for Sif, Yuno and Karen. But I think that setbacks are best to be experienced early and recovered.

If you are motivated to do it again, come back next week.

Without holding back, I continue to block the attacks of the three, destroy them and point out their faults.





Chapter 99 - Lunch together in Gotetsu


[Now then, today’s lecture ends. Make sure not to be late to your next class]

I announce the end of the lecture to the 5 corpses and 3 cripples. Iyaaa, we really messed them up today~. In my side, at the last 5 minutes the three of them were in a state where they could practically do nothing.

In the side where Shiki was watching, the mist lizard left them completely beat up. It has to do with their inexperience in real combat, but I received a report that they were wiped out 4 times. That means they stopped the fight 4 times and had to do it again, and even with that they were still beat up. I hope Blue Lizard-kun has not become a trauma. I will have him release his limiter in the future and have them fight him occasionally. Do your best. There’s still more than 10 battles left with Blue Lizard-kun.

[Ah, Karen Frost. I have some business with you. I want to hear what plans you have after this]

“T-Today I only have sensei’s class”

Even when she is tired, she didn’t make me wait and answered quickly. So she is finished for today huh. To have only one class in the morning, how refined. But that’s convenient. In the morning I thought about calling out the students that had free time and have lunch with them, but this time let’s just invite Karen, and along with Shiki, we three will have lunch together. About the Rembrandt sisters, it’s fine to just call them to my office to greet them.

[That’s great. There’s one thing that’s been in my mind you see]

“T-There’s still more?!” (Karen)

[Yeah. Luckily, it seems you have time as well. Keep me company]

“… Y-Yes” (Karen)

Good.

After confirming her will, I left the field dragging Karen along with me. Normally, after the reflection meeting, it would be tempering until the last minute. Today I finished a bit early.

The group of five are pretty weakened after all.

Saying it like this is probably not the best way, but I think that they want to gossip. I could somehow tell from their eyes. Actually, the supposedly kind Shiki reports everything to me.

Well, complain as much as you want. Next week will be fun lecture again after all.

Karen probably noticed the smile that appeared in my face. Her body trembled.

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

“Shiki-san! Geez, I thought I would finally rise to heaven!”

“Lizardscarylizardscarylizardscary”

“What is that Lizardman?! He avoids like crazy, is fast, strong, hard! In the report shouldn’t I just write that everything is awesome and that’s aaaall?!”

“That’s already… a dragon”

“Then is that person a dragon summoner? No, it isn’t at that cute level. If I were asked which I want to choose as an enemy, I would not hesitate in choosing a dragon summoner”

“Oane-cha~n”

“Yuno, don’t make such a pitiful voice. This was outside my expectations… Probably because it is Raidou-sensei!”

Yareyare. It has become exactly as Makoto-sama said.

Seeing the students, I sigh internally.

From what I saw, the mist lizard was holding back quite a lot. His equipment was not what he usually uses and its water blaze was not used either. There wasn’t even a shred of that quick-wittedness they normally use. Their strongest point which is group battles is, of course, not there either.

Bluntly speaking, he was on the same level as the weak mamonos in the wasteland. And yet, 5 young ones that are said to have bright prospects came at him with all five and were wiped out 4 times. Seriously, how deplorable.

Makoto-sama had already predicted that they would be completely beat up, but even if not to the point of suddenly clearing it, I actually thought that they would put up a good fight at least. It seems that, even if it was an order of Makoto-sama, as I acted kind in front of them, I ended up being too lenient in my assessment of them. I have to reflect on this.

It seems that Mio-dono is taking longer than expected in her investigation on counter-measures for forced summoning, so I have to lend a hand in that area, and yet, what a troublesome bunch are these kids. Regarding Mio-dono, our current state of affairs isn’t that favorable. I-I don’t want the skin peeling punishment anymore… Even talking about it is scary.

“Well, calm down. Even with that, Raidou-sama is actually holding back quite a lot you know? It isn’t set as a wall you wouldn’t be able to overcome. I assure you of that” (Shiki)

“That’s definitely a lie! Shiki-san, no matter how I think of it, Raidou-sensei is definitely having fun with this!” (Jin)

“Jin, you say so, but the moves you showed were not the same as usual you know? The enemy is a monster, moreover, one that possesses strength superior to most. Weren’t you pretty nervous there?” (Shiki)

Nervous, or more like withered. Even though the Mist Lizard didn’t use his coercing shout. How inexperienced.

“That is… certainly true. That may be true but…” (Jin)

“Well, it is true that Raidou-sama is strict. That’s just how much he is expecting of all of you. For me, seeing how he treats you all makes me a bit jealous” (Shiki)

“Shiki-san, you were the type that gets heated up when bullied? Then I too…” (Amelia)

“That’s not it Amelia. It’s just that, it’s been a long time since that person has expected something from me. Seeing how he presents tasks to you kids continuously, I was probably feeling a bit of envy” (Shiki)

He always gives words of thanks to me, but the amount of tasks Makoto-sama has given me are low. If I was told that isn’t the kind of connection we have, that would be it, but seeing my master interacting with the students, there are times when I feel a bit jealous.

The complains that come from everyone’s mouth about Makoto-sama’s lectures, I in times scold them, correct, soothe, sympathize or comfort them, while healing them. I have already gotten used to this work. Today is a lot more prominent than usual as expected though.

However, from the Rembrandt sisters that have joined us recently, I haven’t heard any such complains. They should have been driven the feeling of frustration by Makoto in their first participation though?

The two of them have calmed their breathing and were now inspecting their equipment.

“Sif-san and Yuno-san. How was it? Do you think you can continue?” (Shiki)

“Ah, ehm. Shiki-san, was it? It’s okay. Yuno and I will be coming again next week” (Sif)

“Yeah. It begins from now on after all! I am definitely continuing!” (Yuno)

Oya, how surprising. It seems there’s no need for a follow. “It seems that Makoto is strong” Is what their eyes are telling. Their will has not been broken. Anyways, if they don’t have a lukewarm personality, then it will be more comforting for me.

Umu, the rumors said their personalities were troublesome, but that just can’t be relied on huh. Like this, it seems like it will be worth teaching them.

It might be in a future, but there will probably be a time when Makoto-sama and I will meet these girls as the daughters of our partnered company, so I think we will be able to create a good connection. Ah that’s right. It would be a good idea to know the place those two are living. Makoto-sama probably went directly to Gotetsu.

When I check, the five of them were already gathered up and began the analysis of their opponent. What troublesome kids. Looking at this, I feel like they are totally planning to not come to the next lecture.

“I also want to hear Sif-san and Yuno-san’s opinion. Is that alright?” (Amelia)

Amelia invites the two. Even though they didn’t fight him directly, she probably wants to know about the impression the mist lizard gave from a different point of view. She is not thinking about how it is a bother for the two, but well, I welcome ambition.

The coiled up feeling those five had before the lecture was now gone. One reason may be because they were beaten hard. I don’t think this will open up their hearts completely, but it could be a trigger to fortify their connections. To prioritize what they currently require instead of doing bad gossip is most likely something that comes with youth.

“Yeah. If we are okay for you, then certainly!” (Sif)

“It’s great that we left the next slot of time open just in case right, Onee-chan!” (Yuno)

I see, so they prepared a counter-plan for the lecture that is rumored to be harsh. But really, they are truly straightforward that is funny. If they are still evil people after all this, then I can only consider them as the best actors of all. It is probably the rumors that are wrong.

The real discussion of Makoto-sama’s fun lecture began. Makoto-sama told me not to give them advice, so I can only stay silent. To be ambitious is something I think is likeable in a pupil. Seeing the hatchlings trying to look at what’s above is praiseworthy.

If that’s the case, it can’t be helped. Even though Makoto-sama cautioned me about it, I will turn a blind eye this one time. About the participation in the next lecture, I will leave it as if I didn’t see anything either.

Without saying anything, I leave and finish my business in the staff room before heading to where I would be meeting with Makoto-sama.

From here on it will probably be an unsavory story. Even I can tell that I am trying to make a strong smile. That woman, just what kind of objective did she have when she came to this Academy?

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

[It’s here]

I lead her to Gotetsu. Because it has just opened, there are no people here yet. At 1 o’clock people that are coming for lunch will begin to flow in here, so this is like the calm before the storm.

It would have been fine to take her to the Kuzunoha Company, but since it is like a base of sorts, I didn’t want to just suddenly bring an unknown factor. So I decided to bring her to Gotetsu which is the place we previously planned to come eat lunch.

When Shiki finishes his follow up with the students and investigates the address of the Rembrandt sisters, it will be exactly lunch. Nabe changes its taste as time passes, so let’s pass on ordering until he arrives here. If we finish eating before he comes, it would be wrong.

I use [Sakai] to set up a soundproof area. With this, there’s no fear of our conversation leaking outside.

Hmph~, it seems that she didn’t notice that I deployed a [Sakai]. I see, so she can’t detect [Sakai].

This woman student, I checked her documents again and have confirmed it. As expected, she is suspicious.

“Raidou-sensei, please begin talking about why you brought me here. Did you find a point you were interested in?” (Karen)

Karen had a face full of exhaustion, but right now she has a calm mask that one wouldn’t be able to tell she is exhausted and is looking straight at me. It is actually impossible to recover from mental fatigue in such a short amount of time, so it is clear that she is pushing herself. Maybe she just has that kind of skill trained in her body unlike others of her age, I think.

Also, the skills of her. Comparing her to the people I have met in the Academy, she is top class. No, thinking of her as a student is just too weird. That coordination with a person she is still not used to, and the power of her spell and speed. I tried bringing it out while I crushed and provoked her, but she probably hasn’t shown me everything. That is an awfully heretic attitude to Jin and the others who I am teaching to and this Academy. The fact that she is “hiding her true strength”. Shiki also threw me a short thought transmission saying “be careful”. He probably knows something about this girl.

I think that I brought out a decent amount of her skills in that lecture. At the latter half she seemed to have become a bit worked up. She set several things up while making sure it wasn’t noticed by the sisters. Even in a state where she was trying to hide her true strength, she let a part leak out.

[Actually, I can’t help but feel like your real ability is unnatural]

“My ability?” (Karen)

[Yeah. It isn’t in the level of a student. Not only that, the magic was clearly used in a manner accustomed to real combat]

“I am a military magician at my country. I have participated in several subjugation missions. If you doubt me, you can ask the details to a related party” (Karen)

Without hesitating, Karen talks about her personal history. She talks of the kingdom army that has an unnecessarily long name with a pride filled voice.

Her personal history itself may actually exist for real. She talks of it with so much confidence after all. It depends on how long she has been planning this and at what scale it is though.

This is what I think but, probably, the personal history of the one called Karen Frost is already not in this world anymore. And that maybe she is impersonating her by using her appearance.

Replacing.

Infiltrate into the country, get promoted, enter Royal Academy, become a soldier and transfer into Rotsgard. Instead of creating such a personal history, I think it would be easier to just replace a person who has that kind of history. Especially when that person is from a faraway place.

[I am doubting that you are really Karen Frost. I have read the personal history of Karen Frost. Just as you said, because of a sudden situation, you have experience in the military and that you hold that position even in present]

“Even though you know that much, why are you doubting? I am the genuine Karen Frost. Ah, could it be, sensei is saying that to try and learn a lot about me? If that’s the case then I…”

[As expected, strange. Would someone normally act like that after being doubted? Wouldn’t they show more anger?]

I ignore Karen’s words. It isn’t like I care about the life of a single hyuman. It’s just that having her act that way in that appearance feels just like she is mocking the deceased. It makes me feel a bit angered.

There’s the chance that all my conjectures are wrong. But the attitude of her is practically in the black.

“It’s just that it is such an absurd thing to say that I don’t even feel like getting angry” (Karen)

[A sudden campaign deploy. Did you get involved with Karen Frost at that point in time?]

“Fufu, sensei. Your strength was certainly strong, but I didn’t think that you were the type that keeps talking about incomprehensible things. I won’t be coming to sensei’s class anymore. I don’t need lunch either. Excuse me” (Karen)

While holding a calm expression, Karen stands up from the opposite sit.

[Karen, are you not interested in why I doubted you of not being the real person?]

Wouldn’t one normally want to know the reason why someone has doubted your identity? Would they just leave without asking? And yet, she not only didn’t pursue the subject, but also tried to avoid the topic in itself, is what I feel. Even now she is trying to escape.

She doesn’t seem like she is angered one bit and her face could be taken as vague while trying to smile. She was lenient at first, but this may be a technique in negotiations.

“… Certainly. Thinking that I am a completely different person just because my skills are unnatural does feel pretty rash. Are you going to tell me the reason?” (Karen)

Of course. I was intending do so since I went through the trouble of inviting you to lunch.

[Because the appearance you are trying to hide is completely visible to me]

“Fufu, you see the real me? Are those love words?” (Karen)

[It means exactly what I am saying]

“Sorry, you may have taken the trouble to, but I must refuse your confess-” (Karen)

[Even if you don’t have a horn, that blue skin, just what business does a demon have in the Academy?]

Karen’s words stop mid-sentence. Because of the surprise, she instantly opened her eyes wide. That she soon made an enticing smile must be to smooth it over. In Tsige and Academy Town there were actually several times when spies wanted to try entering our Kuzunoha Company. At that time, Tomoe-sensei and Shiki-sensei taught them various things in practice. Even now, when I am receiving a friendly smile like this, I feel like there’s some sort of ulterior motive. This is something I myself think though. It seems to be because they don’t want the target to notice their agitation and are trying to compose themselves secretly.

G-Great. She probably won’t be escaping in the middle of it now. It seems like I can buy sufficient time for Shiki to come. It would have probably been better to have obediently eaten first. I was pretty nervous inside.

“Please don’t joke. What part of me looks like a demon?” (Karen)

Karen makes a turn to show me. But as long as that spell isn’t affecting me, she will still look like a blue person.

[Everything. Your blue skin, red eyes. Hair is blond. Semi long. I don’t see a hyuman at all. Let me say this first, half-assed illusions don’t work on me]

“…”

[You killed Karen and replaced her. Is that how it is? Hornless demon]

“…”

Without saying a word, Karen reacts slightly to the latter half of my writing. The muscles in her face trembled lightly, or so it looked like. In that case…

[I want you to answer my question, hornless demon]

“… To think that I would be found out this fast… moreover, so straightforwardly. Raidou huh. What a strange teacher there is” (Karen)

[You admit it right?]

“Yeah. I don’t intend to tell you my objective, but I am not Karen Frost. You are right. But…” (Karen)

[What?]

“Don’t call me hornless ever again. I will kill you” (Karen)

The woman demon that had taken off the mask of Karen, I could see something slightly blurry coming out from her contours. She probably stopped her camouflage. And an intense killing intent was shot out. It is somewhat easier to take than Sofia’s, but well, I think that I am just not good at dealing with the anger of a woman.

I was raised in a family where the women were strong, so my weakness isn’t something I can correct at this point in time. I can’t just push it away, so for now let’s just ignore it.

[Is Karen already…?]

“Yeah, just as you have inferred. But the one who did it wasn’t me. This was the deed of the companions of Karen. I just found the personal history of her convenient so took the chance” (Karen)

[I see, her companions. Karen Frost is a pitiful one]

I actually didn’t have that much interest in how that girl died. It was just as I deduced, but I am not even acquainted with Karen anyways. For hyumans to kill other hyumans isn’t something that unusual. In the modern times it was pretty much the same.

There was no need to ask. I can imagine why the demon in front of me was at a place like that. Hyumans and demons are in war after all.

“Ara, you are unexpectedly cold. Well, the girl called Karen was called a prodigy, but on the other hand, she seemed to have stir a good amount of grudges. Ne, can I ask you something as well? Are you hyuman?” (Karen)

[I don’t know the reason for that question but, yes, I am indeed a hyuman]

“Heh~ hyuman huh~… Well, there are a lot of types. But how unusual. After seeing a demon you guys would normally stare at me with bloodshot eyes” (Karen)

[I…]

Aaah, how bothersome!

“I am in the side that’s against racial discrimination. Even if they have blue skin it doesn’t matter, as long as they can exchange their thoughts it isn’t any different from a person after all” (Makoto)

“?!! You… can use the language of demons?! But, the word ‘racial discrimination side’ is a word I first hear. Judging from your words, you mean that as long as you can exchange a conversation the outer appearance doesn’t matter, right?” (Karen)

“Well, yeah, something like that. And so, how should I call you? Please spare me from the name Karen. That’s the name of a deceased person after all. I still want to hear a few things more, so please give me a name” (Makoto)

“There’s… no need for that”

The woman narrows her eyes looking a bit sad. It can even be seen as pity. From her sudden change of expression and her lowering of shoulders, I unintentionally found that gesture as cute, in contrast to her usual seductiveness.

“…”

“For a hyuman to talk normally with a demon is quite, no, incredibly interesting for me, but, you can tell right? I have to eliminate you no matter what. You will get in the way of my work after all. That’s why there’s no need to tell you a name”

“That woman’s name is Rona. She threw away her family name. She is one of the demon generals of the demon army, Raidou-sama”

“?!!”

“Shiki huh” (Makoto)

The killing intent that was filling up the room was erased by the voice of a third party. Just like dispersing the heat of summer by sprinkling water. That it was in an instant as well made me feel like it was exactly like sprinkling water. Rona who had confirmed Shiki’s presence and words, quickly took a battle stance.

That was too late. But with this, it seems like we can finally talk about a lot of things. That Shiki, he really did know her. Rona huh. That she threw away her family name and hornless, gives an impression of a mysterious woman. Wearing a school uniform with an adult body, I honestly can’t see it as anything but cosplay and it makes it hard to fix my eyes. She is wearing it slightly pulled down so it makes me think that way even more.

And also, a demon general huh. This would be the first time I am face to face with a demon of the demon camp.

As expected, it was something troublesome.

In the room that has been filled with tension for a while now, Shiki’s steps resound and he takes a sit. I was still in my sitting position. And Rona-san who tried to leave the room in her Karen form, is still standing.

Just as if she ran out of patience looking at Shiki’s gaze, she makes a small sigh and takes her seat once again.

A strange lunch began in Gotetsu.





Chapter 100 - The request of the demon


“Kuzunoha Company… If I remember correctly, that’s the miscellaneous store that opened not too long ago. And it has a store in Tsige as well, no, a sub-branch right?” (Rona)

“You know well” (Makoto)

“Heh, so you say. Raidou, the image you give right now is really different from when you are using written communication you know? Which one is the real one?” (Rona)

“This one. Shiki, I am sorry but could you please put that Nabe a bit further away? The sweet smell is even reaching here. And so, Rona-san. What do you mean by “so you say”?” (Makoto)

“About knowing well. Even though my name is only known to a real few number of people. How can a company that was just made have higher intelligence gathering than a nation? Wa, this is delicious” (Rona)

“Oua!! Rona, you bastard! That was the one I was cooking up to eat!! Demons shouldn’t be eating blue things, that’s cannibalism!” (Shiki)

“Could you please not call me by my name so familiarly? Also, saying that eating blue things is equal to cannibalism, that’s a first. Ah, I will be taking this one too~. N? Deliciouuus!!” (Rona)

“It’s not like being red makes it okay!! Ooooh… You bastard, do you want to make this your last meal?” (Shiki)

“Well well, calm down Shiki. It’s okay to just order more. Ah, Rona-san. The bird meat over there is also ready to eat” (Makoto)

“Raidou, you really know your stuff. The seasoning is also the best~! Maybe I should learn how to make this before I return” (Rona)

“Raidou-samaaa…” (Shiki)

The Gotetsu private room is pretty chaotic.

Rona-san who obviously doesn’t know the etiquette when eating Nabe, seems to have taken a liking to Nabe cuisine. Even so, it looks like Shiki and her… are not compatible. Shiki, even though you took the initiative and proposed to order and eat while discussing, why is it that you are the one suffering the most?

Even if you come crying to me, I can’t do anything for you. It’s okay to order more, so don’t make such a pathetic voice.

Shiki seems to know Rona, but maybe because he doesn’t want to reveal his identity, he hasn’t told her what he was previously. In her eyes, Shiki is probably reflected as an enemy to be cautious of. That she is not showing it in her face is as expected.

“Haaah~ I ate well! It’s been a while since I have been completely satisfied!” (Rona)

“Then, let’s continue with the conversation” (Makoto)

“Conversation huh. You say so, but even trying to kill you would be hard in a 2 against 1, so aren’t I in a disadvantage? First of all, I probably want to more about Kuzunoha Company~” (Rona)

“Discussions that begin with both at the same standing are not that many you know? Moreover, Rona-san, you are used to it right?” (Makoto)

“Nomnom, that’s right Rona. Things like strategy, conspiracy, traps, tricks; aren’t those your areas of expertize?” (Shiki)

Shiki, so he finally got the chance to eat properly. He is not reading the mood though. The Nabe in Gotetsu is his soul food. Let’s consent for now.

“… Really, just how much do you know? You said we have a sub-branch in Tsige so… that means you have someone posted there?” (Makoto)

“Heh~, the demons’ plan has already advanced all the way to the wasteland? That’s something I have heard for the first time too” (Shiki)

Anyways, that we know the name is only because Shiki knew it and it isn’t like we have constructed our intelligence gathering power at that level. Tomoe seems to be doing some undercover stuff, so in the places close to the store, we are able to get a decent amount of information.

“Is the Kuzunoha Company an information organization of Aion?” (Rona)

So no comment on what we said huh.

Ah, Tsige was in outline a land affiliated to Aion right. The government officials that were dispatched every time were all so incompetent and the land was practically a self-government of merchants, so I didn’t really remember. I felt like that place was ruled mainly by the merchant guild and the adventurer guild.

“No way. We are not affiliated to anything. Not to hyumans nor demons” (Makoto)

That’s why I thought of making a store in Academy Town. This is the first time I have said this huh. I haven’t talked to any demon related to the demon camp before, so the only thing I have said is that I have been doing business without being attached to any country. Rembrandt-san is probably more on the hyuman side. I actually sell to anyone and I don’t think of making any differences depending on the race.

“You are hyuman, and yet you are not affiliated to hyumans? Do you understand what you yourself are saying, Raidou?” (Rona)

Rona-san showed slight bewilderment as she matches my gaze to search for my real intentions.

“You already have several hyumans following you on your side right? I don’t think it is something to be so surprised about. It’s just that I am more neutral than them though” (Makoto)

Several hyumans is a lie. I only know of Sofia.

“… Really, I give up. To think that a power already had more information than us, I didn’t fathom that possibility. So in the hyumans there’s also people who think about strategy, tactics and plans huh. I thought it would take at least 50 years for you guys to understand the importance of information” (Rona)

50 years you say. Rona-san, hyumans are not monkeys. The war would already be over if that were the case.

From the times I read books in the library, I sometimes had the same kind of thoughts as her, so I can’t refute her words completely.

“Hyumans come in many varieties. And so, to do business more freely and in this land where our first store is located, I wanted to know your objective for infiltrating here. I definitely would like to know” (Makoto)

“Raidou, please don’t do such a scary face. Honestly, at this in point in time where our information is at a disadvantage, I just don’t have the will the oppose you anymore” (Rona)

Completely taking off her combat mode, the school uniform cosplaying Onee-san places both elbows on the desk.

“You say that with a laudable face, but you are a fox woman that would not hesitate using charms, seductions or even drugs and dangerous magic. So Raidou-sama, don’t let your guard down. Hm, tasty tasty. Even half-cooked can’t be underestimated. What a true discovery” (Shiki)

“… Really. How hard to deal with. What? Does Kuzunoha Company have my personal history gathered up?” (Rona)

“I will leave it to your imagination. And so… well, I don’t have any proofs, but I am probably not an enemy of yours” (Makoto)

“… Just now you said that you were neutral right? I don’t think this is the case but, could it be that you are intending to become a merchant that will provide support to both hyumans and demons in the war to occur?” (Rona)

Rona-san’s eyes become a lot sharper. The blood thirst that had disappeared is once again lurking in the room. I see, a demon general huh. This woman is without doubt a general serving the demon lord. Leaving aside her behavior, loyalty to her own nation is something I personally like. My interest in the demons serving under the demon lord is welling up.

“We are not planning on providing weapons in the war” (Makoto)

Currently. Well, it’s not just that I don’t have plans to, but that I don’t really feel like doing that.

“I see” (Rona)

Nodding her head lightly, Rona, while leaving her elbows on the desk, intertwines both hands on her face, hiding her face as she lowers it.

The conversation stops. The sound of Shiki poking and eating Nabe is the only sound that rules the room.

Is she thinking of our relation in a positive way? Though it probably doesn’t go further than us being usable. Even so, I think that she is a woman that’s easier to talk to than Sofia.

In this situation where she is misunderstanding our power is the best chance. Honestly speaking, I don’t have the talking skills and abilities to properly negotiate with a person whose main occupation is being the head of information gathering. If it turns dangerous, I intend to tag Shiki.

I can only wait for her decision.

“… Fuh~. In short, Raidou also wants to sell things to the demons right? If I can become that foothold, I would be happy. But if I am planning to do something here, it would tarnish the business that has been going favorably. That’s why you want to learn my objective” (Rona)

Exactly. Well, there’s no hurries in selling things to the demons. I think it doesn’t need to be in this occasion. What’s important is the latter half. I don’t want them to hinder us.

“Yeah, that’s right” (Makoto)

“So that’s really it huh. You don’t care about the direction of the war or the damage to the country, only about being a hindrance to your business, right?” (Rona)

“… Right” (Makoto)

“I understand. I still can’t believe you completely, but I have understood your intentions. Then right now it is important to first learn about each other right?” (Rona)

“Learn? But the information…” (Makoto)

What does she mean?

“Let me tell you this first Rona. If you connect bodies with Raidou-sama, you will regret it for the rest of your life. This is an honest warning thinking about your wellbeing. The catastrophe will probably come bite me as well, that’s why I will do my all to get in the way, so do take that in mind” (Shiki)

Shiki stops his chopsticks and looks at Rona-san with a dead serious face, telling her slow and detailed instructions.

Connecting bodies? Ah… so that’s what she meant by learning about each other.

“You intend to thoroughly continue calling me without honorifics huh, Shiki” (Rona)

“You have no reasons to call me without honorifics” (Shiki)

“I return those words right back at you. Geez. When I talked about learning, I didn’t mean our bodies. If that’s your wish, I don’t really mind though. I want to know about your strength and way of thinking, if only a bit. If the lectures are like that, it wouldn’t serve as reference right?” (Rona)

“Hah~. For you to not even notice a part of the abysmal power of Raidou-sama. Are you sexual frigid, wench?” (Shiki)

“Concretely speaking, what do you want us to do?” (Makoto)

I decide to just ignore Rona and Shiki’s comedy play.

“You are free to believe me or not. The reason why I came here is…” (Rona)

◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆

[And that’s how it is. Lime, I am sorry but can you investigate?]

“With pleasure! I will quickly find information. It is actually a disgusting story. Well then…” (Lime)

Lime responds to my request immediately and leaves the room. Practically at the same time, two presences disappear. Must be the Forest Onis: Akua and Eris. It seems those girls will be joining the investigation as well.

“Doubting everything that woman says is the safest measure, Raidou-sama” (Shiki)

“Shiki. It seemed like you already knew her but, is she an acquaintance?” (Makoto)

“Yeah. She was mostly a person cooperating in information exchange with me. I don’t know how many times I have been used and dragged into trouble” (Shiki)

Shiki’s expression turns into one of anguish. Seeing him like that, he must have gone through quite a lot.

“Her type is probably similar to that of Mio-dono. I don’t know the details but it seems that she has a big debt of gratitude with the demon lord. She has sworn loyalty to an abnormal level. Her strength doesn’t compare to Mio-dono’s, but just think of Rona’s underhanded way of thinking as something close to hers. Ah, keep this talk a secret from Mio-dono please” (Shiki)

An underhanded Mio that has an incredibly good brain?

I would give up. My heart would break without a doubt.

The man called the demon lord seems to be a person with a bigger vessel than me. From the fragmented information I have, I can already picture him as an excelling ruler. He is most likely an able man. N? There’s the chance that the demon lord is a woman. Now that I think about it, I practically don’t have information.

Also, Shiki. If you are going to tremble all over, you should try using another example. Well, it was actually a pretty easy to understand example.

“Rona-san huh. In the end, it seems that until this one matter is over, Karen Frost will continue attending the Academy” (Makoto)

“She will definitely be moving sneakily” (Shiki)

“I did tell her that Kuzunoha Company is out of bounds. But based on what you said, it is hard to believe in her” (Makoto)

“Yes. That woman tells lies as much as she breathes” (Shiki)

What kind of woman is that? To give out that answer with no hesitation.

“Just in case, could you try and predict her movements at all times?” (Makoto)

“That’s what I intended to do from the very beginning. It seems like she already returned to her lodging for today. That wench. She is perfectly relaxing without knowing that she is being observed” (Shiki)

“… Make sure to peek at her in a moderate manner okay? It is okay to just know her current location for now. Well then, let’s get some presents and go greet the Rembrandt sisters” (Makoto)

“Tto, that’s right. I will guide you there. Is it okay to just bring cut fruits as present? How about a bouquet of flowers…” (Shiki)

Ah right. I haven’t even told them I was visiting so maybe it would be better to have flowers?

I was planning on bringing cut fruits like when bringing a fruits basket as present, but thinking about it, these are products I manage at my store. It would turn to plain publicity.

No well, the fruits have a good reputation so…

“Uhm, Raidou-sama” (Shiki)

“N?” (Makoto)

“If it’s fine with you, should I choose some suitable ones?” (Shiki)

“… Sorry. Please” (Makoto)

It seems like he instantly saw through what I was troubled about. Shiki, thanks for all.

After several minutes.

In the end, I brought the fruits and the bouquet of flowers that Shiki chose, and headed to their room.

“Hey Shiki, about the Rembrandt sisters’ room. Isn’t this inside the nobles’ dormitory?” (Makoto)

Moreover, a pretty high-class one. Rembrandt-san dotes on her daughter quite a lot.

“Yeah. It seems so” (Shiki)

“The people in the staff room told me a lot that “even if I am a temporary teacher, doesn’t mean you can visit them”. If it were a normal student it would be one thing, but…” (Makoto)

“… I did my best” (Shiki)

D-Did your best?

“You did your best huh” (Makoto)

“Yes. On the level that doesn’t leave after-effects. It was a really bone rending task” (Shiki)

“…”

Let’s leave it as if I didn’t hear anything.

After revealing my position as a temporary teacher, I am standing at the entrance of the sisters’ lodging with my permission to visit confirmed. Creeping in would obviously be a bad idea after all. It is only to celebrate their return to school and it is no surprise either.

The two of them live in the same room and it is already confirmed that both of them are there. I explained my reason for this visit to the people in charge. The landlady-san made a bitter face as we entered the nobles’ dormitory and safely arrived in front of their room.

When I knocked, I heard some rattling noises and the steps got closer.

The door opened.

[Sif-san, Yuno-san. I am truly sorry about not being able to visit you when you were ill. I already introduced myself in the class but let me do so again. I am the merchant that your father is assisting, Raidou. That you are now completely healthy, allow me to congratulate you. It may be late, but this is a congratulatory gift from our part]

For now, I write what I was thinking of and congratulate them for their recovery, and also make a light self-introduction again.

They receive the cut fruits in a slightly big container and the bouquet of flowers from Shiki.

The two of them have already taken off their uniforms and are in normal clothes. The designs differ from each other. The two of them were dressed in a one piece that was probably made for both to have an opposite design. It looks expensive.

The sisters who received the fruits and bouquet with a full smile, strongly invited us to enter the room and we ended up intruding in their room. I didn’t really mind. As long as I gave them what I came to give and gave my greeting, I didn’t really need to enter…

“Raidou-sensei, your personality is totally different compared to when you are in class” (Sif)

“Yeah. That surprised me!” (Yuno)

When we sat down on the sofa that we were invited to, the two of them retort to me from the opposite side.

[Lectures are a place where one comes to study and gain power after all. I unconsciously become strict. I have always been helped by my assistant Shiki to appease them. That I am interacting with you two like this, please keep it a secret from the other students]

I can’t tell them that I am doing the carrot and stick after all. And if they tell them to other people, it would be troublesome in a lot of ways.

“Shiki-san, right? I have heard of Tomoe-san and Mio-san from father, but have you been with Raidou-sensei since long?” (Sif)

“Yes. I have been serving Raidou-sama since a long time ago. It’s just that the trip to Tsige was unexpected, so I was unable to visit Tsige” (Shiki)

Just like we previously arranged, Shiki tells them about the setting we created. Of course, we were expecting the two to ask Shiki, so we thought of it beforehand.

Luckily, they didn’t pursue the subject further and the older sister Sif readied tea while the little one Yuno took out pastries.

The two of them are level-headed. Taking the tea offered, we have a brief pause. The two sisters look at each other and nod slightly.

“I am Sif the eldest daughter of Tsige’s merchant, Rembrandt. Raidou-sama, to have saved our lives at that time. I can’t find words to express my gratitude. This favor we will never forget and will edge it in our hearts. We want to repay you” (Sif)

“Same here, Yuno. Just like my older sister, it is thanks to Raidou-sama that we are here healthy now. If in the future there’s something we are able to do, please don’t hesitate to ask” (Yuno)

…

They are thanking me to a dangerous level! Even the little sister put in order her tone and said an incredible thing with a serious face!

Their fight against the deadly curse illness must have cornered those girls a lot. Even now I am having Lime find the people under curse illnesses and creating medicines. A curse that makes you ill and eventually kills you. I really think that’s not something that can be forgiven.

[Okay then, you two. From now on you will live for the sake of happiness. That will be my repayment. Also, no Raidou-sama. We are student and teacher, so call me sensei or use –san]

“… Eh?”

I thought that they might be brooding a lot over that subject. That’s why I thought of an answer just in case this happened. Since the time I was in Tsige.

They were finally released from the curse disease, but if they are tied up by responsibility next, it would be pointless. So I decided to tell them to live their lives happily.

I don’t know if my answer was unexpected for the two or if my immediate response surprised them, but the two of them looked dumbfounded.

[Those are the words of your life savior, so please keep that promise. Don’t underappreciate me just because my face is ugly got it? The two of you were pretty “that” when you were ill after all]

“P-Please don’t touch that subject! We already know that sensei saw an appearance of us that is more embarrassing than being naked!” (Sif)

“Uh, that was certainly worse than being naked…” (Yuno)

They were practically ghouls after all. I remember that Rembrandt-san wanted to make a portrait of her wife and daughter while they were recovering in celebration. Even I thought that was insensitive but, just what happened to that?

[Now that I think about it, your father said that he wanted to leave a memory of the recovery of you three]

“… Sensei, father has already seriously reflected on that foolish action”

“… Sensei, he was punished along with Morris who made an error in your entry documents from student to teacher you know?”

Ah, how scary. These sisters are probably scary.

Their tone lowered. Just by hearing their voice, I felt a chilling cold.

My instincts told me that I shouldn’t know about what happened, so I decided to not ask about the details of the punishment. His wife and daughters probably did something. But I won’t ask.

I am also involved in it, so I better not touch on that incident. There are things that one can’t turn into a laughing matter even if time passes.

[A… Ahaha. I see. Well, I don’t really mind. Now then, Shiki. We should leave soon]

“Yes, Raidou-sama” (Shiki)

He didn’t talk at all in the conversation and just acted as an assistant. For that I am grateful.

I give my thanks to the two kind girls who were sad that we were leaving already, and left the nobles’ dormitory.

“Raidou-sama, about those two…” (Shiki)

“What?” (Makoto)

“Even though they are wealthy among hyumans, I felt like they didn’t have much attachment to outward appearance. I also saw that their gratitude for Raidou-sama is the real deal. And that kind treatment to guests, I feel like this is my first time seeing a normal hyuman” (Shiki)

Certainly. I feel like my current students only fear me, but you are already treating Lime who was influenced by Tomoe as abnormal?

“There was a time when their own outward appearance become terrible because of the curse disease after all. They probably changed their way of thinking and are now people that take more importance in what’s inside” (Makoto)

“No matter which, it is something to be happy about. Those two will surely grow” (Shiki)

“Shiki-sensei’s approval? They are rookies with a bright future” (Makoto)

While doing frivolous talk, Shiki and I return.

The next morning.

Contact with Lime Latte was cut off.





Download all your Fav Novels from RnD Novels





Stay up to date On Novel updates by Joining our DISCORD group





